CS0006,This error occurs when the compiler cannot find a required metadata file. The precise cause is typically a missing reference or an incorrect path to a DLL. As a .NET trainer I would suggest always verifying your project references are correct. Ensure all NuGet packages are properly installed. Check that file paths in your project are accurate. Here is a sample of proper reference syntax: <Reference Include="System.Data" />, This error belongs to, C# compilation fundamentals.
CS0009,This error happens when the compiler cannot open a metadata file. The cause is often file permission issues or the file being locked by another process. I recommend checking file permissions on the referenced assemblies. Verify no other program is using the files. Try cleaning and rebuilding your solution. Sample code to check file access: var accessible = File.Exists("reference.dll"), This error belongs to, C# assembly referencing.
CS0012,This error occurs when a type definition is missing from an assembly. The cause is typically a missing reference or using an undefined type. Please ensure all necessary assemblies are referenced. Verify the type name is spelled correctly. Consider adding using directives for the namespace. Sample: public class MyClass { MissingType field; }, This error belongs to, C# type system.
CS0016,This error indicates failure to write to the output file. The cause could be disk full permission issues or the file being locked. I suggest checking your disk space and permissions. Verify no antivirus is blocking file writes. Try specifying a different output path. Sample: csc /out:differentDir/program.exe program.cs, This error belongs to, C# compilation output.
CS0017,This error occurs when multiple entry points are defined. The cause is having multiple Main methods in your program. Please ensure only one Main method exists. You can specify which to use with /main compiler option. Sample fix: remove extra static void Main() methods, This error belongs to, C# program structure.
CS0019,This error happens when binary operators are applied to incompatible types. The cause is operations like adding string to int. Please verify your types are compatible. Use explicit conversion if needed. Sample fix: int sum = intValue + int.Parse(stringValue), This error belongs to, C# operators.
CS0020,This error occurs when dividing by integer zero. The cause is division operations with zero denominator. I recommend adding validation before division. Consider using decimal instead of integer types. Sample fix: if(denominator != 0) { result = numerator/denominator; }, This error belongs to, C# arithmetic operations.
CS0021,This error indicates invalid array indexing. The cause is using non-integer types or negative numbers as indexes. Please ensure your indexes are valid integers. Verify array bounds before access. Sample fix: for(int i=0; i<array.Length; i++), This error belongs to, C# arrays.
CS0022,This error happens when wrong number of indexes are used. The cause is mismatching array dimensions and indexes. Please verify your array's rank matches the indexes. Sample fix: int[,] matrix = new int[2,2]; var item = matrix[0,1], This error belongs to, C# multidimensional arrays.
CS0023,This error occurs with invalid unary operators. The cause is using operators like ++ on incompatible types. Please verify operator compatibility. Consider explicit conversion. Sample fix: int counter = 0; counter++ instead of stringValue++, This error belongs to, C# operators.
CS0026,This error happens when using 'this' in static methods. The cause is attempting to access instance members from static context. Please remove 'this' or make method non-static. Sample fix: public void InstanceMethod() { this.DoSomething(); }, This error belongs to, C# static members.
CS0027,This error indicates invalid 'this' usage. The cause is using 'this' where no instance exists. Please verify you're in instance context. Consider static alternatives if needed. Sample fix: remove 'this' from static method or property, This error belongs to, C# instance members.
CS0028,This warning occurs with invalid Main signature. The cause is incorrect Main method parameters or return type. Please use proper signatures like static void Main(string[] args). Sample fix: static int Main() should be static void Main(), This warning belongs to, C# program entry points.
CS0029,This error happens with implicit conversion issues. The cause is assigning incompatible types without cast. Please add explicit conversion or change types. Sample fix: int i = (int)floatValue instead of direct assignment, This error belongs to, C# type conversion.
CS0030,This error occurs with explicit conversion issues. The cause is invalid cast between types. Please verify conversion is possible. Consider using Convert class. Sample fix: decimal d = (decimal)floatValue when valid, This error belongs to, C# type casting.
CS0031,This error indicates constant value overflow. The cause is assigning values too large for the type. Please verify constant ranges. Use appropriate larger types if needed. Sample fix: const long bigValue = 12345678901L, This error belongs to, C# constants.
CS0034,This error occurs with ambiguous binary operators. The cause is multiple possible operator overloads. Please make operator usage unambiguous. Consider explicit casting. Sample fix: (Type1)obj + (Type1)obj2 for clarity, This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0035,This error happens with ambiguous unary operators. The cause is unclear operator overload resolution. Please make operator usage explicit. Sample fix: -(Type1)value instead of -value when ambiguous, This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0036,This error indicates invalid parameter attribute. The cause is using 'in' attribute on 'out' parameter. Please match parameter attributes correctly. Sample fix: void Method(out int param) not void Method(in out int param), This error belongs to, C# parameter modifiers.
CS0037,This error occurs when assigning null to value types. The cause is attempting to set null to non-nullable types. Please use nullable types if needed. Sample fix: int? nullableInt = null instead of int, This error belongs to, C# nullable value types.
CS0039,This error happens with invalid built-in conversion. The cause is attempting impossible reference conversion. Please verify conversion is valid. Consider interface implementation. Sample fix: IInterface obj = (IInterface)compatibleObj, This error belongs to, C# type conversion.
CS0041,This error indicates debug emit failure. The cause is typically issues with PDB file generation. Please check debug symbol settings. Verify sufficient disk space. Sample fix: check "Debug Info" in project properties, This error belongs to, C# debugging.
CS0050,This error occurs with inaccessible return types. The cause is inconsistent accessibility levels. Please make return type at least as accessible as method. Sample fix: public class return type for public method, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0051,This error happens with inaccessible parameter types. The cause is parameters less accessible than method. Please ensure parameter types match method accessibility. Sample fix: internal class param for internal method, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0052,This error indicates inaccessible field types. The cause is field type less accessible than field. Please adjust either accessibility level. Sample fix: public Type for public field instead of private, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0053,This error occurs with inaccessible property types. The cause is property type less accessible than property. Please match accessibility levels. Sample fix: public Type for public property getter, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0054,This error happens with inaccessible indexer return. The cause is return type less accessible than indexer. Please adjust accessibility accordingly. Sample fix: public Type for public indexer, This error belongs to, C# indexers.
CS0055,This error indicates inaccessible indexer parameter. The cause is parameter type less accessible than indexer. Please make parameter type at least as accessible. Sample fix: internal Type for internal indexer, This error belongs to, C# indexers.
CS0056,This error occurs with inaccessible operator return. The cause is return type less accessible than operator. Please match accessibility levels. Sample fix: public Type for public operator, This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0057,This error happens with inaccessible operator parameter. The cause is parameter type less accessible than operator. Please adjust parameter accessibility. Sample fix: internal Type for internal operator, This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0058,This error indicates inaccessible delegate return. The cause is return type less accessible than delegate. Please make return type at least as accessible. Sample fix: public Type for public delegate, This error belongs to, C# delegates.
CS0059,This error occurs with inaccessible delegate parameter. The cause is parameter type less accessible than delegate. Please adjust parameter accessibility. Sample fix: internal Type for internal delegate, This error belongs to, C# delegates.
CS0060,This error happens with inaccessible base class. The cause is base class less accessible than derived. Please adjust accessibility levels. Sample fix: internal Base for internal Derived, This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0061,This error indicates inaccessible base interface. The cause is interface less accessible than implementer. Please match accessibility levels. Sample fix: public interface for public class, This error belongs to, C# interfaces.
CS0065,This error occurs with incomplete event accessors. The cause is event missing add/remove methods. Please implement both accessors. Sample fix: public event EventHandler MyEvent { add{} remove{} }, This error belongs to, C# events.
CS0066,This error happens when event not delegate type. The cause is declaring event with non-delegate type. Please use proper delegate types. Sample fix: event EventHandler MyEvent not event string, This error belongs to, C# events.
CS0067,This warning indicates unreferenced event. The cause is declared but unused event. Please remove or use the event. Sample fix: myObj.MyEvent += Handler or remove event, This warning belongs to, C# events.
CS0068,This error occurs with interface event initializer. The cause is providing implementation in interface. Please move implementation to class. Sample fix: implement event in class not interface, This error belongs to, C# interface events.
CS0070,This error happens with invalid event usage. The cause is incorrect event access syntax. Please use proper +=/-= operators. Sample fix: obj.Event += Handler not obj.Event = Handler, This error belongs to, C# event handling.
CS0071,This error indicates explicit interface event implementation. The cause is improper event implementation syntax. Please use regular event syntax. Sample fix: event EventHandler IInterface.Event { add{} remove{} }, This error belongs to, C# explicit interface implementation.
CS0072,This error occurs when overriding non-event. The cause is attempting to override non-event with event. Please match member types exactly. Sample fix: override event or change base member, This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0073,This error happens with abstract event accessors. The cause is missing event implementation. Please provide concrete implementation. Sample fix: implement add/remove in derived class, This error belongs to, C# abstract members.
CS0075,This warning indicates possible negative cast. The cause is casting negative constant to unsigned. Please verify constant values. Sample fix: const uint value = 1u not -1, This warning belongs to, C# type casting.
CS0077,This error occurs with as operator on value type. The cause is using as with non-nullable types. Please use cast or nullable types. Sample fix: (int?)obj instead of obj as int, This error belongs to, C# type conversion.
CS0100,This error happens with duplicate parameter names. The cause is repeated parameter in method signature. Please use unique parameter names. Sample fix: void Method(int a, int b) not (int a, int a), This error belongs to, C# method signatures.
CS0101,This error indicates duplicate namespace names. The cause is namespace conflict in scope. Please use unique namespace names. Sample fix: namespace Company.Product2 not duplicate, This error belongs to, C# namespaces.
CS0102,This error occurs with duplicate type members. The cause is repeated member names in class. Please use unique member names. Sample fix: class MyClass { void Method1(); void Method2() }, This error belongs to, C# class members.
CS0103,This error happens with undefined names. The cause is using undeclared identifiers. Please verify spelling and scope. Sample fix: declare variable before use int x = 5, This error belongs to, C# name resolution.
CS0104,This error indicates ambiguous references. The cause is conflicting names in scope. Please qualify names fully. Sample fix: Namespace1.Type instead of just Type, This error belongs to, C# name resolution.
CS0106,This error occurs with invalid member modifiers. The cause is conflicting member flags. Please use compatible modifiers. Sample fix: remove conflicting sealed override, This error belongs to, C# member modifiers.
CS0107,This error happens with invalid protection levels. The cause is conflicting access modifiers. Please use single consistent modifier. Sample fix: public not public internal, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0108,This warning indicates missing new modifier. The cause is hiding inherited member without new. Please add new keyword. Sample fix: public new void Method() in derived, This warning belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0109,This warning occurs with unnecessary new modifier. The cause is new on non-hiding member. Please remove redundant new. Sample fix: public void Method() not new, This warning belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0111,This error indicates duplicate member definitions. The cause is identical member signatures. Please make signatures unique. Sample fix: different parameters or names, This error belongs to, C# member overloading.
CS0112,This error occurs with static virtual members. The cause is virtual/abstract on static. Please remove conflicting modifiers. Sample fix: static or virtual not both, This error belongs to, C# static members.
CS0113,This error happens with override without new. The cause is overriding without proper modifier. Please add new or override. Sample fix: public override void Method(), This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0114,This warning indicates missing override/new. The cause is hiding inherited member. Please specify intention explicitly. Sample fix: add override or new keyword, This warning belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0115,This error occurs with invalid override. The cause is overriding non-virtual member. Please make base member virtual. Sample fix: virtual in base class, This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0117,This error indicates non-existent members. The cause is accessing undefined members. Please verify member existence. Sample fix: obj.ExistingMember not Invalid, This error belongs to, C# member access.
CS0119,This error happens with incorrect SK usage. The cause is using type as namespace etc. Please verify context. Sample fix: correct namespace/type usage, This error belongs to, C# name resolution.
CS0120,This error occurs with object reference needed. The cause is instance access from static. Please provide instance reference. Sample fix: new Class().Method() not static, This error belongs to, C# static context.
CS0121,This error indicates ambiguous method calls. The cause is multiple overload matches. Please make call unambiguous. Sample fix: cast parameters explicitly, This error belongs to, C# overload resolution.
CS0122,This error happens with inaccessible members. The cause is accessing private/protected members. Please adjust accessibility. Sample fix: make member public if appropriate, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0123,This error occurs with delegate signature mismatch. The cause is incompatible method signatures. Please match delegate exactly. Sample fix: void Method(int) matches Action<int>, This error belongs to, C# delegates.
CS0126,This error indicates invalid return type. The cause is returning wrong type from method. Please match return types. Sample fix: return correct type or cast, This error belongs to, C# method returns.
CS0127,This error happens with void return value. The cause is returning from void method. Please remove return value. Sample fix: return; not return value, This error belongs to, C# void methods.
CS0128,This error occurs with duplicate locals. The cause is redeclaring variables in scope. Please use unique names. Sample fix: int x; then x=5 not new int x, This error belongs to, C# variable scope.
CS0131,This error indicates left-side assignment. The cause is assigning to non-variable. Please assign to writable location. Sample fix: variable = value not 5 = value, This error belongs to, C# assignments.
CS0132,This error happens with static constructor parameters. The cause is parameters on static ctor. Please remove parameters. Sample fix: static MyClass() not (int x), This error belongs to, C# static constructors.
CS0133,This error occurs with non-constant expressions. The cause is non-const in const context. Please use constant values. Sample fix: const int x = 5 not DateTime.Now, This error belongs to, C# constants.
CS0134,This error indicates non-null ref field. The cause is ref field without initializer. Please initialize ref fields. Sample fix: ref int x = ref someInt, This error belongs to, C# reference fields.
CS0136,This error happens with local overrides. The cause is local hiding enclosing scope. Please use unique names. Sample fix: different local variable names, This error belongs to, C# variable scope.
CS0139,This error occurs with invalid break/continue. The cause is outside loop/switch context. Please use within proper context. Sample fix: break inside loop/switch, This error belongs to, C# flow control.
CS0140,This error indicates duplicate labels. The cause is identical label names. Please use unique labels. Sample fix: label1: and label2: not duplicate, This error belongs to, C# labels.
CS0143,This error happens with no constructors. The cause is undefined constructor usage. Please define constructor. Sample fix: class MyClass { public MyClass(){} }, This error belongs to, C# constructors.
CS0144,This error occurs with new on abstract. The cause is instantiating abstract class. Please use concrete class. Sample fix: new Derived() not new Abstract(), This error belongs to, C# abstract classes.
CS0145,This error indicates const field required. The cause is missing const field value. Please provide constant value. Sample fix: const int x = 5 not const int x, This error belongs to, C# constants.
CS0146,This error happens with circular base. The cause is circular class dependency. Please redesign hierarchy. Sample fix: remove circular base references, This error belongs to, C# class inheritance.
CS0148,This error occurs with invalid delegate constructor. The cause is wrong delegate initialization. Please use proper syntax. Sample fix: new Action(Method) not new Delegate, This error belongs to, C# delegates.
CS0149,This error indicates method name expected. The cause is invalid delegate target. Please provide method name. Sample fix: new Action(MethodName) not null, This error belongs to, C# delegates.
CS0150,This error happens with constant expected. The cause is non-constant in const context. Please use constant value. Sample fix: const or literal value, This error belongs to, C# constant expressions.
CS0151,This error occurs with invalid switch type. The cause is non-integral switch expression. Please use integral types. Sample fix: switch on int not string, This error belongs to, C# switch statements.
CS0152,This error indicates duplicate case labels. The cause is identical case values. Please use unique values. Sample fix: case 1: and case 2: not duplicates, This error belongs to, C# switch cases.
CS0153,This error happens with invalid goto case. The cause is goto to non-existent case. Please target existing case. Sample fix: goto case 1 when case 1 exists, This error belongs to, C# goto statements.
CS0154,This error occurs with missing property getter. The cause is write-only property usage. Please implement getter. Sample fix: public int Prop { get; set; }, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0155,This error indicates invalid exception type. The cause is catching non-Exception types. Please catch Exception. Sample fix: catch(Exception) not catch(int), This error belongs to, C# exception handling.
CS0156,This error happens with empty throw. The cause is rethrow outside catch. Please use throw only in catch. Sample fix: catch(Exception) { throw; }, This error belongs to, C# exception handling.
CS0157,This error occurs with invalid finally control. The cause is control flow from finally. Please avoid goto/return. Sample fix: remove control from finally, This error belongs to, C# exception handling.
CS0158,This error indicates label shadowing. The cause is label hiding another label. Please use unique labels. Sample fix: different label names in scope, This error belongs to, C# labels.
CS0159,This error happens with undefined label. The cause is goto to missing label. Please define target label. Sample fix: add label: where goto points, This error belongs to, C# goto statements.
CS0160,This error occurs with unreachable catch. The cause is catch after general catch. Please order specific first. Sample fix: catch(Derived) before catch(Base), This error belongs to, C# exception handling.
CS0161,This error indicates missing return. The cause is non-void method without return. Please add return statement. Sample fix: int Method() { return 0; }, This error belongs to, C# method returns.
CS0162,This warning happens with unreachable code. The cause is code after return/throw. Please remove dead code. Sample fix: remove code after return, This warning belongs to, C# code flow.
CS0163,This error occurs with switch fallthrough. The cause is missing break/return. Please add jump statement. Sample fix: case 1: DoSomething(); break, This error belongs to, C# switch statements.
CS0165,This error indicates unassigned variable use. The cause is reading before writing. Please initialize variables. Sample fix: int x = 0 before use, This error belongs to, C# definite assignment.
CS0168,This warning happens with unused variables. The cause is declared but unused locals. Please remove or use them. Sample fix: int x = 5; Console.Write(x), This warning belongs to, C# variable usage.
CS0169,This warning occurs with unused fields. The cause is declared but unused fields. Please remove or use them. Sample fix: private int field = 5; UseIt(), This warning belongs to, C# field usage.
CS0170,This error indicates unassigned field use. The cause is reading before writing. Please initialize fields. Sample fix: public int Field = 0;, This error belongs to, C# definite assignment.
CS0173,This error happens with ambiguous conditionals. The cause is unclear ?: operand types. Please make types explicit. Sample fix: condition ? (Type1)obj : (Type1)obj2, This error belongs to, C# conditional operator.
CS0177,This error occurs with unassigned out parameter. The cause is not assigning out param. Please assign before return. Sample fix: Method(out int x) { x = 5; }, This error belongs to, C# out parameters.
CS0178,This error indicates invalid array creation. The cause is invalid array initializer. Please use correct syntax. Sample fix: int[] arr = new int[] {1,2}, This error belongs to, C# arrays.
CS0180,This error happens with abstract extern. The cause is conflicting modifiers. Please remove one modifier. Sample fix: abstract or extern not both, This error belongs to, C# method modifiers.
CS0181,This error occurs with invalid attribute param. The cause is wrong attribute parameter type. Please use correct type. Sample fix: [Attr(typeof(MyClass))], This error belongs to, C# attributes.
CS0182,This error indicates invalid attribute argument. The cause is non-constant attribute arg. Please use constant. Sample fix: [Attr("constant")] not variable, This error belongs to, C# attribute arguments.
CS0185,This error happens with lock on non-reference. The cause is locking value type. Please use reference type. Sample fix: lock(objReference) not 5, This error belongs to, C# locking.
CS0186,This error occurs with null in non-null context. The cause is null usage where invalid. Please provide non-null. Sample fix: use object reference not null, This error belongs to, C# nullability.
CS0190,This error indicates invalid argument list. The cause is wrong __arglist usage. Please use proper syntax. Sample fix: __arglist(1, "a") not other, This error belongs to, C# variable arguments.
CS0191,This error happens with readonly assignment. The cause is assigning to readonly field. Please assign only in ctor. Sample fix: readonly int x; ctor() { x=5; }, This error belongs to, C# readonly fields.
CS0192,This error occurs with readonly ref field. The cause is passing readonly as ref. Please remove readonly. Sample fix: ref int not readonly ref, This error belongs to, C# reference fields.
CS0193,This error indicates pointer operation. The cause is using * or -> on non-pointer. Please use pointer types. Sample fix: unsafe { int* ptr = &x; }, This error belongs to, C# pointers.
CS0196,This error happens with single pointer index. The cause is multiple indexes on pointer. Please use single index. Sample fix: ptr[index] not ptr[x,y], This error belongs to, C# pointer operations.
CS0199,This error occurs with readonly static assignment. The cause is assigning static readonly. Please assign in static ctor. Sample fix: static readonly int x; static ctor {x=5;}, This error belongs to, C# static fields.
CS0200,This error indicates readonly property. The cause is assigning to read-only property. Please add set accessor. Sample fix: public int Prop { get; set; }, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0201,This error happens with illegal statements. The cause is statement in wrong context. Please use proper context. Sample fix: statements in methods not class, This error belongs to, C# statement context.
CS0202,This error occurs with invalid enumerator. The cause is foreach on non-IEnumerable. Please implement interface. Sample fix: class MyCollection : IEnumerable, This error belongs to, C# iteration.
CS0204,This error indicates too many locals. The cause is exceeding compiler limit. Please reduce local count. Sample fix: refactor into smaller methods, This error belongs to, C# method complexity.
CS0205,This error happens with abstract base call. The cause is calling abstract method. Please implement in derived. Sample fix: override abstract method first, This error belongs to, C# abstract methods.
CS0206,This error occurs with ref property. The cause is returning property by ref. Please use method instead. Sample fix: ref int Method() not property, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0208,This error indicates managed address. The cause is taking address of managed. Please use fixed statement. Sample fix: fixed(int* p = &arr[0]), This error belongs to, C# pointers.
CS0209,This error happens with invalid fixed type. The cause is non-unmanaged fixed. Please use unmanaged types. Sample fix: fixed(int* p = &intVar), This error belongs to, C# fixed statements.
CS0210,This error occurs with uninitialized fixed. The cause is missing fixed initializer. Please provide initializer. Sample fix: fixed(int* p = &var), This error belongs to, C# fixed statements.
CS0211,This error indicates invalid address op. The cause is & on non-variable. Please use on variables. Sample fix: int x = 5; int* p = &x, This error belongs to, C# pointers.
CS0212,This error happens with fixed needed. The cause is pointer to unfixed array. Please use fixed statement. Sample fix: fixed(int* p = arr), This error belongs to, C# pointer safety.
CS0213,This error occurs with unnecessary fixed. The cause is fixed on already fixed. Please remove redundant fixed. Sample fix: use pointer directly, This error belongs to, C# fixed statements.
CS0214,This error indicates unsafe needed. The cause is pointers without unsafe. Please add unsafe context. Sample fix: unsafe { int* p; }, This error belongs to, C# unsafe code.
CS0215,This error happens with operator return. The cause is operator not matching type. Please return correct type. Sample fix: public static Type operator+(...), This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0216,This error occurs with unpaired operator. The cause is missing matching operator. Please implement pair. Sample fix: implement both == and !=, This error belongs to, C# operator pairs.
CS0217,This error indicates invalid bool operator. The cause is non-bool operator usage. Please return bool. Sample fix: public static bool operator true(...), This error belongs to, C# operator overloading.
CS0218,This error happens with missing operator. The cause is incomplete operator pair. Please implement both. Sample fix: add missing true/false operator, This error belongs to, C# operator pairs.
CS0219,This warning occurs with unused assignments. The cause is assigned but unused var. Please remove or use. Sample fix: int x = 5; Console.Write(x), This warning belongs to, C# variable usage.
CS0220,This error indicates checked overflow. The cause is overflow in checked context. Please handle or uncheck. Sample fix: unchecked { int.MaxValue + 1 }, This error belongs to, C# arithmetic.
CS0221,This error happens with const overflow. The cause is constant value overflow. Please use valid values. Sample fix: const int x = int.MaxValue, This error belongs to, C# constant values.
CS0224,This error occurs with varargs methods. The cause is __arglist in interface. Please remove varargs. Sample fix: normal parameters instead, This error belongs to, C# method signatures.
CS0225,This error indicates params array. The cause is non-array params. Please use array type. Sample fix: params int[] not int, This error belongs to, C# parameter arrays.
CS0226,This error happens with invalid __arglist. The cause is wrong __arglist usage. Please use properly. Sample fix: __arglist only in signatures, This error belongs to, C# variable arguments.
CS0227,This error occurs with unsafe without allow. The cause is unsafe without compiler option. Please enable unsafe. Sample fix: /unsafe compiler option, This error belongs to, C# unsafe code.
CS0229,This error indicates ambiguous members. The cause is multiple interface members. Please resolve ambiguity. Sample fix: explicit interface implementation, This error belongs to, C# interfaces.
CS0230,This error happens with invalid foreach. The cause is wrong foreach variable type. Please use correct type. Sample fix: foreach(Type var in collection), This error belongs to, C# iteration.
CS0231,This error occurs with params non-last. The cause is params not last parameter. Please move to end. Sample fix: Method(int x, params int[] y), This error belongs to, C# parameter arrays.
CS0233,This error indicates sizeof unsafe. The cause is sizeof without unsafe. Please add unsafe context. Sample fix: unsafe { sizeof(Type) }, This error belongs to, C# sizeof operator.
CS0234,This error happens with missing type. The cause is undefined type reference. Please verify namespace. Sample fix: using Correct.Namespace, This error belongs to, C# type resolution.
CS0236,This error occurs with field init ref. The cause is ref to non-static field. Please use static ref. Sample fix: static int x = 5; ref int y = ref x, This error belongs to, C# field initialization.
CS0238,This error indicates sealed non-override. The cause is sealed without override. Please add override. Sample fix: public sealed override void Method(), This error belongs to, C# method sealing.
CS0239,This error happens with sealed override. The cause is overriding sealed method. Please remove override. Sample fix: inherit without overriding, This error belongs to, C# method inheritance.
CS0242,This error occurs with void operations. The cause is invalid void usage. Please use non-void. Sample fix: return actual value not void, This error belongs to, C# void usage.
CS0243,This error indicates conditional override. The cause is Conditional on override. Please remove attribute. Sample fix: [Conditional] on base only, This error belongs to, C# attributes.
CS0244,This error happens with pointer in as/is. The cause is as/is with pointers. Please use regular casts. Sample fix: (int*)obj not obj as int*, This error belongs to, C# pointer operations.
CS0245,This warning occurs with finalize call. The cause is explicit Finalize call. Please use destructor. Sample fix: ~MyClass() not Finalize(), This warning belongs to, C# destructors.
CS0246,This error indicates missing type. The cause is undefined type reference. Please verify namespace. Sample fix: using System.Collections, This error belongs to, C# type resolution.
CS0247,This error happens with negative stackalloc. The cause is negative size request. Please use positive. Sample fix: stackalloc int[5] not -5, This error belongs to, C# stack allocation.
CS0248,This error occurs with negative array. The cause is negative array size. Please use positive. Sample fix: new int[5] not -5, This error belongs to, C# array creation.
CS0249,This warning indicates override finalize. The cause is overriding Finalize(). Please use destructor. Sample fix: ~MyClass() not override, This warning belongs to, C# destructors.
CS0250,This warning happens with base finalize. The cause is calling base.Finalize(). Please remove call. Sample fix: let runtime handle it, This warning belongs to, C# destructors.
CS0251,This warning occurs with negative index. The cause is negative array index. Please verify bounds. Sample fix: array[validIndex >= 0], This warning belongs to, C# array indexing.
CS0252,This warning indicates ref comparison. The cause is possible unintended ref comp. Please verify intention. Sample fix: compare values not refs, This warning belongs to, C# comparisons.
CS0253,This warning happens with ref comparison. The cause is possible unintended ref comp. Please verify intention. Sample fix: compare values not refs, This warning belongs to, C# comparisons.
CS0254,This error occurs with cast in fixed. The cause is invalid cast in fixed. Please use correct type. Sample fix: fixed(byte* p = (byte*)arr), This error belongs to, C# fixed statements.
CS0255,This error indicates stackalloc in catch. The cause is stackalloc in handler. Please move outside. Sample fix: stackalloc before try, This error belongs to, C# exception handling.
CS0260,This error happens with missing partial. The cause is partial without all parts. Please add all parts. Sample fix: partial class in another file, This error belongs to, C# partial types.
CS0261,This error occurs with partial kind conflict. The cause is mismatched partial types. Please make consistent. Sample fix: partial class not struct, This error belongs to, C# partial types.
CS0262,This error indicates partial modifier. The cause is inconsistent modifiers. Please make uniform. Sample fix: same access on all parts, This error belongs to, C# partial types.
CS0263,This error happens with multiple bases. The cause is conflicting base types. Please single inheritance. Sample fix: one base class maximum, This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0264,This error occurs with wrong type params. The cause is mismatched generic params. Please make consistent. Sample fix: same <T> on all parts, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0265,This error indicates partial constraints. The cause is mismatched constraints. Please make uniform. Sample fix: same where T: on all parts, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0266,This error happens with implicit cast. The cause is no implicit conversion. Please add explicit cast. Sample fix: (Derived)baseObj when valid, This error belongs to, C# type conversion.
CS0267,This error occurs with misplaced partial. The cause is partial on nested type. Please fix nesting. Sample fix: partial only on outer, This error belongs to, C# partial types.
CS0269,This error indicates unassigned out. The cause is reading unassigned out. Please assign first. Sample fix: out int x = value; use x, This error belongs to, C# out parameters.
CS0270,This error happens with array size decl. The cause is size in array declaration. Please use initializer. Sample fix: int[] arr = new int[5], This error belongs to, C# array syntax.
CS0271,This error occurs with inaccessible getter. The cause is get less accessible than prop. Please match access. Sample fix: public get for public prop, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0272,This error indicates inaccessible setter. The cause is set less accessible than prop. Please match access. Sample fix: public set for public prop, This error belongs to, C# properties.
CS0273,This error happens with property access. The cause is invalid access modifier. Please use proper access. Sample fix: public not private on prop, This error belongs to, C# property access.
CS0274,This error occurs with duplicate access. The cause is multiple access modifiers. Please use only one. Sample fix: public get; private set;, This error belongs to, C# property access.
CS0276,This error indicates missing accessor. The cause is access mod without accessor. Please add accessor. Sample fix: public get; private set;, This error belongs to, C# property access.
CS0277,This error happens with interface accessor. The cause is unimplemented accessor. Please implement fully. Sample fix: class implementing interface, This error belongs to, C# interfaces.
CS0304,This error occurs with new on type var. The cause is new() on unconstrained T. Please add new() constraint. Sample fix: where T : new(), This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0305,This error indicates wrong arity. The cause is mismatched generic params. Please match type args. Sample fix: MyGeneric<T> not MyGeneric<T,U>, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0306,This error happens with bad type arg. The cause is invalid type argument. Please use valid type. Sample fix: List<int> not List<dynamic>, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0307,This error occurs with type args. The cause is type args on non-generic. Please remove type args. Sample fix: NonGeneric() not <int>, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0308,This error indicates non-generic type. The cause is type params on non-generic. Please use generic. Sample fix: MyGeneric<T> not MyClass<T>, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0310,This error happens with new constraint. The cause is T without public ctor. Please add constraint. Sample fix: where T : new(), This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0311,This error occurs with ref type constraint. The cause is T constrained wrong. Please use class. Sample fix: where T : class, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0312,This error indicates nullable enum. The cause is T as nullable enum. Please use enum directly. Sample fix: where T : Enum not Nullable, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0313,This error happens with nullable interface. The cause is T as nullable interface. Please use interface. Sample fix: where T : IComparable not Nullable, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0314,This error occurs with type var. The cause is T constrained wrong. Please fix constraints. Sample fix: where T : U when U constrained, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0315,This error indicates value type constraint. The cause is T constrained wrong. Please use struct. Sample fix: where T : struct, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0411,This error happens with type inference. The cause is ambiguous type args. Please specify explicitly. Sample fix: Method<int>(arg) not Method(arg), This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0412,This error occurs with type param name. The cause is local named as type param. Please rename local. Sample fix: int local not int T, This error belongs to, C# naming.
CS0413,This error indicates as with type var. The cause is as operator on T. Please use is/pattern. Sample fix: if(obj is T t) not obj as T, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0415,This error happens with indexer attribute. The cause is wrong IndexerName usage. Please use properly. Sample fix: [IndexerName("Item")], This error belongs to, C# indexers.
CS0416,This error occurs with attribute type vars. The cause is generics in attributes. Please use concrete. Sample fix: [Attr(typeof(MyClass))], This error belongs to, C# attributes.
CS0417,This error indicates new type with args. The cause is new T() with args. Please use parameterless. Sample fix: new T() not new T(arg), This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0418,This error happens with abstract sealed. The cause is conflicting modifiers. Please choose one. Sample fix: abstract or sealed not both, This error belongs to, C# class modifiers.
CS0420,This warning occurs with volatile ref. The cause is volatile on ref local. Please remove volatile. Sample fix: ref int not volatile ref, This warning belongs to, C# references.
CS0429,This error indicates unreachable expr. The cause is code after unconditional. Please remove dead code. Sample fix: remove after throw/return, This error belongs to, C# code flow.
CS0430,This error happens with extern alias. The cause is invalid extern alias. Please verify reference. Sample fix: extern alias CorrectAlias, This error belongs to, C# references.
CS0431,This error occurs with type alias. The cause is :: with type alias. Please use dot instead. Sample fix: Alias.Type not Alias::Type, This error belongs to, C# namespaces.
CS0432,This error indicates missing alias. The cause is undefined alias reference. Please define alias. Sample fix: extern alias MyAlias; first, This error belongs to, C# aliases.
CS0433,This error happens with same type name. The cause is duplicate type names. Please disambiguate. Sample fix: Namespace1.Type not just Type, This error belongs to, C# type resolution.
CS0434,This error occurs with same namespace. The cause is namespace/type conflict. Please rename. Sample fix: Namespace.Class not duplicate, This error belongs to, C# namespaces.
CS0435,This warning happens with same name. The cause is namespace/type in scope. Please qualify fully. Sample fix: ThisNamespace.Type not just Type, This warning belongs to, C# namespaces.
CS0436,This warning occurs with same type. The cause is type conflict in scope. Please qualify fully. Sample fix: ThisClass.Nested not just Nested, This warning belongs to, C# types.
CS0437,This warning happens with same type. The cause is type/namespace conflict. Please qualify fully. Sample fix: Namespace.Type not just Type, This warning belongs to, C# namespaces.
CS0438,This error indicates same type. The cause is type conflict in scope. Please rename. Sample fix: unique names for types, This error belongs to, C# type resolution.
CS0439,This error occurs with extern position. The cause is extern after elements. Please move to top. Sample fix: extern alias first in file, This error belongs to, C# file organization.
CS0440,This warning happens with global alias. The cause is defining global alias. Usually unnecessary. Sample fix: remove alias global = ..., This warning belongs to, C# aliases.
CS0441,This error occurs with sealed static. The cause is sealed static class. Redundant since static. Sample fix: remove sealed modifier, This error belongs to, C# class modifiers.
CS0442,This error indicates private abstract. The cause is abstract private accessor. Please make accessible. Sample fix: protected abstract instead, This error belongs to, C# accessibility.
CS0443,This error happens with value expected. The cause is syntax error in code. Please provide value. Sample fix: return value; not syntax error, This error belongs to, C# syntax.
CS0445,This error occurs with unbox non-lvalue. The cause is modifying unboxed value. Please assign first. Sample fix: int i = (int)obj; i++, This error belongs to, C# boxing.
CS0446,This error indicates foreach lambda. The cause is method group in foreach. Please use method. Sample fix: foreach(var x in GetItems()), This error belongs to, C# iteration.
CS0448,This error happens with bad inc/dec. The cause is wrong return type for ++/--. Please return same. Sample fix: public static Type operator++(), This error belongs to, C# operators.
CS0449,This error occurs with constraints. The cause is non-unique/first constraints. Please order properly. Sample fix: where T : class, new(), This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0450,This error indicates ref/val bound. The cause is class with ref/val. Please choose one. Sample fix: where T : class or struct, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0451,This error happens with new val bound. The cause is new() with val type. Please remove new(). Sample fix: where T : struct not new(), This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0452,This error occurs with ref constraint. The cause is T not matching ref. Please fix constraints. Sample fix: where T : class not struct, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0453,This error indicates val constraint. The cause is T not matching val. Please fix constraints. Sample fix: where T : struct not class, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0454,This error happens with circular constraint. The cause is T depending on itself. Please redesign. Sample fix: remove circular dependency, This error belongs to, C# generics.
CS0455,This error occurs with base conflict. The cause is multiple base constraints. Please fix hierarchy. Sample fix: where T : Base not conflicting, This error belongs to, C# inheritance.
CS0456,This error indicates val with val. The cause is struct constraint conflict. Please remove one. Sample fix: where T : struct not duplicate, This error belongs to, C# generic constraints.
CS0457,"The error occurs when there is an ambiguous user-defined conversion between two types. This happens when the compiler cannot determine which conversion to use.","To avoid this error ensure that your type conversions are explicit and unambiguous. Use explicit casting or conversion methods to clarify your intent. For example: `MyType obj = (MyType)otherObj;`. Always check for multiple possible conversion paths.","Type Conversion"
CS0458,"This warning occurs when a comparison operation always evaluates to false due to the nature of the types involved.","To resolve this review your comparison logic. Make sure you're comparing compatible types. For example: `if (nullableInt != null)` is better than `if (nullableInt > null)`. Consider using nullable types properly.","Type Comparison"
CS0460,"The error occurs when overriding a method with constraints that don't match the base method's constraints.","To fix this ensure your overriding method has identical constraints to the base method. For example: `public override void Method<T>() where T : class`. Verify all generic constraints match exactly.","Generics"
CS0462,"This error happens when there are multiple valid override candidates for a method making it ambiguous.","To solve this provide explicit implementation or clarify the inheritance hierarchy. For example: `void IInterface.Method()` specifies exactly which implementation to use. Avoid identical method signatures in base classes.","Inheritance"
CS0463,"The error occurs when there's an error in a decimal constant declaration or evaluation.","To prevent this ensure decimal constants are properly formatted. For example: `decimal value = 123.45m;`. Always use the 'm' suffix for decimal literals. Check for overflow in constant calculations.","Constants"
CS0464,"This warning appears when a comparison with null always yields false such as comparing value types with null.","To address this remove unnecessary null checks for non-nullable types. For example: `int i = 0; if (i == null)` is invalid. Use nullable types when null checks are needed.","Type System"
CS0465,"This warning indicates a Finalize method is defined which might conflict with the destructor.","To handle this properly use destructor syntax instead: `~ClassName()`. Avoid explicitly defining Finalize methods. Let the garbage collector handle finalization.","Memory Management"
CS0466,"The error occurs when explicit interface implementation has incorrect parameter types.","To fix this ensure parameter types exactly match the interface definition. For example: `void IInterface.Method(int param)` must match the interface. Verify all parameter types carefully.","Interfaces"
CS0469,"This warning appears when a goto case value might need conversion to match the switch type.","To resolve this ensure the case value matches the switch type. For example: `switch((int)value)` needs matching case labels. Add explicit casts if necessary.","Flow Control"
CS0500,"This error occurs when an abstract class member is declared with a body.","To fix this either remove the body or make the member non-abstract. For example: `abstract void Method();` should not have {}. Remember abstract members must be implemented in derived classes.","Abstract Classes"
CS0501,"The error happens when a non-abstract member is declared without a body.","To solve this either provide an implementation or make the member abstract. For example: `public void Method() {}` needs a body. Check for missing curly braces.","Class Members"
CS0502,"This error occurs when a member is marked both abstract and sealed.","To resolve this choose either abstract or sealed but not both. For example: `public abstract sealed` is invalid. Abstract implies must be overridden while sealed prevents overriding.","Modifiers"
CS0503,"The error happens when an abstract method is not marked as virtual.","To fix this mark the method as virtual or remove abstract. For example: `public abstract virtual void Method();`. Abstract methods are inherently virtual in C#.","Inheritance"
CS0504,"This error occurs when trying to declare a static constant field.","To solve this either make the field non-static or non-const. For example: `public const int Value` is fine but not static. Constants are implicitly static in C#.","Constants"
CS0505,"The error happens when trying to override a non-virtual or static member.","To fix this ensure you're overriding a virtual member. For example: mark base method as `virtual`. Only virtual members can be overridden in derived classes.","Inheritance"
CS0506,"This error occurs when trying to override a non-virtual member.","To resolve this either make the base member virtual or remove the override. For example: add `virtual` to base method. Consider if inheritance is the right approach.","Inheritance"
CS0507,"The error happens when changing access modifiers during override.","To fix this maintain the same accessibility as the base method. For example: if base is protected keep override protected. Overrides cannot be more restrictive than base.","Access Modifiers"
CS0508,"This error occurs when trying to change the return type in an override.","To solve this keep the same return type as the base method. For example: if base returns int override must too. Covariant returns are not supported in C#.","Inheritance"
CS0509,"The error happens when trying to derive from a sealed class.","To resolve this either use the sealed class directly or choose a non-sealed base class. For example: you cannot inherit from `String`. Sealed classes prevent inheritance.","Inheritance"
CS0513,"This error occurs when an abstract class member is present in a non-abstract class.","To fix this either make the class abstract or implement all abstract members. For example: add `abstract` to class or provide implementations. Abstract members require abstract classes.","Abstract Classes"
CS0514,"The error happens when a static constructor has explicit constructor calls.","To solve this remove the constructor call. Static constructors cannot call base or this constructors. For example: `static ClassName() : base()` is invalid.","Static Classes"
CS0515,"This error occurs when access modifiers are used on static constructors.","To fix this remove access modifiers from static constructors. For example: change `public static ClassName()` to just `static ClassName()`. Static ctors are always private.","Constructors"
CS0516,"The error happens when a constructor calls itself recursively.","To resolve this ensure constructors have valid termination. For example: avoid `public ClassName() : this()`. Check for accidental infinite recursion in constructor chains.","Constructors"
CS0517,"The error occurs when base is used in an object constructor call.","To fix this understand that System.Object has no base class. For example: `: base()` is redundant for classes without explicit base classes. The call happens automatically.","Inheritance"
CS0518,"This error happens when predefined types like int cannot be found.","To solve this check your project references and using directives. For example: ensure mscorlib is referenced. This typically indicates compiler configuration issues.","Compiler Errors"
CS0522,"The error occurs when a struct tries to call a base constructor.","To fix this remember structs cannot have explicit base calls. For example: remove `: base()` from struct constructor. Structs implicitly derive from ValueType.","Structs"
CS0523,"This error happens when struct members form a layout cycle.","To resolve this remove circular references in struct definitions. For example: StructA contains StructB which contains StructA. Break such cycles in your type design.","Structs"
CS0525,"The error occurs when interfaces try to contain fields.","To fix this use properties instead of fields in interfaces. For example: `int Value { get; set; }` rather than fields. Interfaces can only contain methods, properties, events, and indexers.","Interfaces"
CS0526,"This error happens when interfaces try to contain constructors.","To solve this remove constructors from interfaces. Interfaces cannot contain constructors as they cannot be instantiated directly. Define constructors in implementing classes.","Interfaces"
CS0527,"The error occurs when a non-interface type appears in interface list.","To fix this ensure only interfaces are listed after colon. For example: `class MyClass : IDisposable` (not a class). Verify all base types are interfaces.","Interfaces"
CS0528,"This error happens when an interface appears multiple times in base list.","To resolve this remove duplicate interface references. For example: `: IDisposable, IDisposable` is invalid. Each interface should appear only once.","Interfaces"
CS0529,"The error occurs when interface inheritance forms a cycle.","To solve this break circular interface dependencies. For example: InterfaceA : InterfaceB : InterfaceA is invalid. Redesign your interface hierarchy to avoid cycles.","Interfaces"
CS0533,"This error happens when hiding an abstract method without override.","To fix this use override instead of new when hiding abstract methods. For example: `public override void Method()` not `new`. Hiding abstract methods prevents proper polymorphism.","Inheritance"
CS0534,"The error occurs when failing to implement an abstract method.","To resolve this implement all abstract methods in concrete classes. For example: provide method body for inherited abstract method. Abstract methods must be implemented.","Abstract Classes"
CS0535,"This error happens when failing to implement an interface member.","To fix this implement all interface members in the class. For example: add missing method from interface. Use explicit implementation if needed: `void IInterface.Method()`.","Interfaces"
CS0537,"The error occurs when System.Object appears in base list.","To solve this remove explicit Object reference as it's implicit. For example: `class MyClass : Object` is redundant. All classes derive from Object automatically.","Inheritance"
CS0538,"This error happens when explicit interface implementation targets non-interface.","To fix this ensure the target is an interface member. For example: `void IInterface.Method()` not `void Class.Method()`. Explicit implementation requires interface prefix.","Interfaces"
CS0539,"The error occurs when an interface member is not found during implementation.","To resolve this ensure correct spelling and signature. For example: match interface method exactly. Verify the interface contains the specified member.","Interfaces"
CS0540,"This error happens when a non-class tries to implement an interface.","To fix this use class or struct for implementation. For example: interfaces can't be implemented by other interfaces. Only classes and structs can implement interfaces.","Interfaces"
CS0541,"This error occurs when explicit interface implementation is used incorrectly.","To solve this use proper explicit implementation syntax. For example: `void IInterface.Method()` not just `Method()`. The interface name must qualify the member.","Interfaces"
CS0542,"This error happens when a member has the same name as its containing type.","To resolve this rename either the member or the type. For example: avoid `class MyClass { MyClass MyClass() }`. Constructors don't need return types.","Naming Conventions"
CS0545,"This error occurs when trying to override a non-property with a property.","To fix this ensure you're overriding a property with a property. For example: cannot override method with property. Maintain consistent member types in inheritance.","Properties"
CS0546,"This error happens when trying to override inaccessible get accessor.","To solve this ensure the base getter is accessible. For example: if base getter is private it cannot be overridden. Check access modifiers in base class.","Properties"
CS0547,"This error occurs when trying to override inaccessible set accessor.","To resolve this ensure the base setter is accessible. For example: if base setter is private it cannot be overridden. Consider making base accessors protected.","Properties"
CS0548,"This error happens when a property has void type.","To fix this give the property a valid return type. For example: `int Property` not `void Property`. Properties must return values to be useful.","Properties"
CS0549,"This error occurs when a new virtual member is declared in a sealed class.","To solve this either unseal the class or make member non-virtual. For example: sealed classes cannot have virtual members as they can't be inherited.","Inheritance"
CS0550,"This error happens when adding accessor in explicit interface implementation.","To fix this implement the complete property from the interface. For example: provide both get and set if interface requires them. Don't add extra accessors.","Interfaces"
CS0551,"This error occurs when missing accessor in explicit interface implementation.","To resolve this implement all required accessors. For example: if interface has get and set you must implement both. Check the interface definition carefully.","Interfaces"
CS0552,"This error happens with invalid interface conversion declarations.","To fix this ensure conversion operators are properly defined. For example: conversion must be to/from the containing type. Interface conversions have special rules.","Type Conversion"
CS0553,"This error occurs with invalid base class conversion declarations.","To solve this ensure conversion operators involve the containing type. For example: `public static implicit operator MyClass(int value)`. Conversions must include the declaring type.","Type Conversion"
CS0554,"This error happens with invalid derived class conversion declarations.","To resolve this ensure conversions involve the containing type. For example: cannot define conversion between two unrelated types. The class must be source or target.","Type Conversion"
CS0555,"This error occurs with user-defined conversion to/from the same type.","To fix this remove redundant conversion or change types. For example: cannot define `operator MyClass(MyClass)`. Identity conversions already exist.","Type Conversion"
CS0556,"This error happens when conversion doesn't involve containing type.","To solve this ensure the class is either source or target. For example: cannot define `operator OtherClass(UnrelatedClass)`. User conversions must involve the declaring type.","Type Conversion"
CS0557,"This error occurs with duplicate conversion in a class.","To resolve this remove the duplicate conversion definition. For example: cannot have two `operator int()` methods. Each conversion should be unique in direction and type.","Type Conversion"
CS0558,"This error happens when operators are not declared as static.","To fix this add static modifier to operator declarations. For example: `public static operator +(MyClass a)`. All operators must be static in C#.","Operators"
CS0559,"This error occurs with incorrect increment/decrement operator parameters.","To solve this use exactly one parameter of containing type. For example: `public static MyClass operator ++(MyClass a)`. Check parameter count and type.","Operators"
CS0562,"This error happens with incorrect unary operator parameters.","To resolve this use exactly one parameter of containing type. For example: `public static MyClass operator -(MyClass a)`. Unary operators take one parameter.","Operators"
CS0563,"This error occurs with incorrect binary operator parameters.","To fix this use exactly two parameters with one being containing type. For example: `public static MyClass operator +(MyClass a, MyClass b)`. Binary operators take two parameters.","Operators"
CS0564,"This error happens with incorrect shift operator parameters.","To solve this use exactly two parameters with first being containing type. For example: `public static MyClass operator <<(MyClass a, int b)`. Second parameter must be int.","Operators"
CS0567,"This error occurs when interfaces contain conversion or equality operators.","To resolve this remove operators from interfaces. Interfaces cannot contain operators. Define operators in implementing classes instead.","Interfaces"
CS0569,"This error happens when trying to override a bogus or unsupported method.","To fix this verify the base method exists and is overrideable. For example: some compiler-generated methods cannot be overridden. Check your base class documentation.","Inheritance"
CS0570,"This error occurs when binding to an unsupported or bogus member.","To solve this verify the member exists and is accessible. For example: some compiler-generated members cannot be used directly. Check your member references.","Compiler Errors"
CS0571,"This error happens when trying to call a special compiler-generated method.","To resolve this avoid direct calls to compiler-generated members. For example: property accessors are called automatically. Let the compiler handle special methods.","Compiler Errors"
CS0572,"This error occurs with a bad type reference possibly due to circular dependency.","To fix this resolve type reference issues and circular dependencies. For example: ensure all types are properly defined before use. Check project references.","Type System"
CS0574,"This error happens with a destructor name that doesn't match class name.","To solve this name the destructor after the class with ~ prefix. For example: `~MyClass()` not `~OtherName()`. Destructors must match class name.","Destructors"
CS0575,"This error occurs when only classes can contain destructors.","To resolve this remove destructor from non-class types. For example: structs cannot have destructors. Only classes have finalization support.","Destructors"
CS0576,"This error happens when a namespace alias conflicts with a member name.","To fix this rename either the alias or the member. For example: avoid `using X = Y; class X`. Keep aliases distinct from type names.","Namespaces"
CS0577,"This error occurs when Conditional attribute is used on non-void method.","To solve this either make method return void or remove Conditional. For example: `[Conditional] void Method()` is valid but not with return values.","Attributes"
CS0578,"This error happens when Conditional attribute is used on non-method.","To resolve this apply Conditional only to method declarations. For example: cannot use on properties or fields. The attribute is method-specific.","Attributes"
CS0579,"This error occurs with duplicate attribute definitions.","To fix this remove duplicate attributes. For example: `[A][A]` should be just `[A]`. Some attributes allow multiples via AllowMultiple=true.","Attributes"
CS0582,"This error happens when Conditional is used on interface method.","To solve this remove Conditional from interface methods. For example: interface declarations cannot have Conditional attributes. Put it on implementations instead.","Interfaces"
CS0590,"This error occurs when operator methods return void.","To fix this give operators a proper return type. For example: `public static MyClass operator +(MyClass a)` must return a value. Operators must return results.","Operators"
CS0591,"This error happens with invalid attribute argument values.","To resolve this provide valid arguments for attributes. For example: `[Obsolete("message")]` needs a string. Check attribute constructor requirements.","Attributes"
CS0592,"This error occurs when attribute is applied to invalid symbol type.","To solve this apply attributes only to valid targets. For example: some attributes work only on classes or methods. Check attribute's Usage specification.","Attributes"
CS0594,"This error happens with floating-point constant overflow.","To fix this use a value within the type's range. For example: `float.MaxValue * 2` overflows. Consider using double or decimal for larger numbers.","Constants"
CS0595,"This error occurs with invalid real number literals.","To resolve this use properly formatted real numbers. For example: `1.2e3` is valid but `1.2.3` is not. Ensure correct decimal and exponent syntax.","Syntax"
CS0596,"This error happens when ComImport is used without Guid attribute.","To solve this add Guid attribute to ComImport class. For example: `[ComImport, Guid("...")]`. COM classes require explicit GUID identifiers.","COM Interop"
CS0599,"This error occurs with invalid named attribute arguments.","To fix this use valid named arguments for attributes. For example: `[Attribute(ValidName=value)]`. Check attribute property names and types.","Attributes"
CS0601,"This error happens when DllImport is used on invalid method.","To resolve this apply DllImport only to static extern methods. For example: `[DllImport] static extern void Method();`. Check method modifiers.","P/Invoke"
CS0610,"This error occurs when field or array element cannot be ref-like type.","To fix this avoid using ref struct types in fields. For example: `Span<T>` cannot be a field type. Ref-like types have special usage restrictions.","Ref Types"
CS0611,"This error happens when array elements cannot be ref-like types.","To solve this avoid ref struct types as array elements. For example: `Span<T>[]` is invalid. Ref-like types have allocation constraints.","Arrays"
CS0612,"This warning indicates use of an obsolete member.","To resolve this update code to use non-obsolete alternatives. For example: check documentation for replacement APIs. Obsolete attributes often suggest alternatives.","Obsolete Code"
CS0616,"This error occurs when type is not an attribute class.","To fix this derive from System.Attribute or use proper attribute. For example: `class MyAttribute : Attribute`. Attribute classes have specific requirements.","Attributes"
CS0617,"This error happens with invalid named attribute arguments.","To resolve this use valid public fields/properties for named args. For example: `[Attr(ValidName=value)]`. Check attribute's available named members.","Attributes"
CS0618,"This warning indicates use of a deprecated member with message.","To solve this follow the deprecation message's guidance. For example: obsolete messages often suggest replacement APIs. Update to current recommended approaches.","Obsolete Code"
CS0619,"This error occurs when use of deprecated member is treated as error.","To fix this replace the obsolete member usage entirely. For example: compiler treats some [Obsolete] members as errors. Check error details for alternatives.","Obsolete Code"
CS0620,"This error happens when indexer has void return type.","To resolve this give indexer a proper return type. For example: `public int this[int i]`. Indexers must return values like properties.","Indexers"
CS0621,"This error occurs when virtual member is private.","To solve this make member protected or public or non-virtual. For example: `virtual` implies inheritance so can't be private. Choose appropriate accessibility.","Access Modifiers"
CS0622,"This error happens when array initializer is used on non-array type.","To fix this declare variable as array or remove initializer. For example: `int[] arr = {1,2}` not `int arr = {1,2}`. Only arrays can use initializer syntax.","Arrays"
CS0623,"This error occurs when array initializer is used incorrectly.","To resolve this use array initializers only in valid contexts. For example: field initializers or variable declarations. Check your initialization syntax.","Arrays"
CS0625,"This error happens when struct lacks StructLayout attribute.","To solve this add StructLayout attribute when needed. For example: `[StructLayout(LayoutKind.Explicit)]`. Some interop scenarios require explicit layout.","Structs"
CS0626,"This warning indicates extern method lacks DllImport attribute.","To fix this add DllImport or provide implementation. For example: `[DllImport] extern static void Method();`. Extern methods need proper declarations.","P/Invoke"
CS0628,"This warning occurs when protected member is in sealed class.","To resolve this consider making member private if class is sealed. For example: protected in sealed classes can't be accessed by derived classes. Adjust accessibility.","Access Modifiers"
CS0629,"This error happens when conditional member implements interface.","To solve this avoid Conditional on interface implementations. For example: interfaces require all members to be present. Conditional methods may be omitted.","Interfaces"
CS0631,"This error occurs with invalid ref/out parameter usage.","To fix this ensure ref/out parameters are used correctly. For example: must assign out parameters before return. Check parameter passing rules.","Parameters"
CS0633,"This error happens with invalid argument to attribute.","To resolve this provide correct attribute arguments. For example: `[AttributeUsage(ValidOn)]` needs proper values. Check attribute constructor requirements.","Attributes"
CS0636,"This error occurs when StructLayout on invalid struct.","To solve this apply StructLayout only to valid structs. For example: some types like generics may have restrictions. Check your type definition.","Structs"
CS0637,"This error happens when StructLayout on non-field member.","To fix this apply FieldOffset only to fields. For example: `[FieldOffset(0)] int field;` is valid. Layout attributes are field-specific.","Structs"
CS0641,"This error occurs when AttributeUsage on non-attribute class.","To resolve this apply AttributeUsage only to attribute classes. For example: classes deriving from System.Attribute. Check your class inheritance.","Attributes"
CS0642,"This warning indicates possible mistaken empty statement.","To fix this examine code for accidental semicolons. For example: `if (condition);` has empty then clause. Remove stray semicolons or add proper body.","Syntax"
CS0643,"This error happens with duplicate named attribute arguments.","To solve this remove duplicate named arguments. For example: `[Attr(Name=1, Name=2)]` is invalid. Each named argument should appear once.","Attributes"
CS0644,"This error occurs when deriving from enum or value type.","To resolve this derive only from classes not value types. For example: cannot inherit from `int` or `enum`. Only classes support inheritance.","Inheritance"
CS0646,"This error happens with DefaultMember on indexed type.","To solve this ensure DefaultMemberAttribute matches indexer. For example: `[DefaultMember("Item")]` for indexer named Item. Verify member names match.","Indexers"
CS0648,"This error occurs when type is not valid in this context.","To fix this use appropriate types for the operation. For example: some contexts restrict generic or pointer types. Check your type usage.","Type System"
CS0649,"This warning indicates field is never assigned but has default.","To resolve this initialize the field or remove it. For example: `int field;` gets 0 but consider if intentional. Explicit initialization clarifies intent.","Initialization"
CS0650,"This error happens with C-style array declarations.","To solve this use proper C# array syntax. For example: `int[] arr` not `int arr[]`. C# puts brackets after the type not identifier.","Arrays"
CS0652,"This warning indicates vacuous integral comparison.","To fix this review comparison for logical errors. For example: `(uint)-1` wraps around to max value. Consider signed/unsigned implications.","Type Comparison"
CS0653,"This error occurs when applying abstract attribute class.","To resolve this use concrete attribute classes only. For example: cannot apply `abstract class MyAttribute`. Make attribute class non-abstract.","Attributes"
CS0655,"This error happens with invalid named attribute argument type.","To solve this use correct argument types for attributes. For example: `[Attr(Name="string")]` if Name takes string. Check attribute property types.","Attributes"
CS0656,"This error occurs when missing compiler-required member.","To fix this ensure all necessary members are present. For example: some features require specific method signatures. Check compiler documentation.","Compiler Errors"
CS0657,"This warning indicates attribute location may be incorrect.","To resolve this apply attributes to valid targets. For example: some attributes belong on assemblies not types. Check attribute usage specifications.","Attributes"
CS0658,"This warning happens with invalid attribute location.","To solve this move attribute to correct declaration. For example: assembly attributes in AssemblyInfo.cs. Check where attributes are allowed.","Attributes"
CS0659,"This warning indicates Equals without GetHashCode.","To fix this override both Equals and GetHashCode together. For example: these methods should be consistent. Follow equality implementation guidelines.","Object Overrides"
CS0660,"This warning happens with equality operator without Equals.","To solve this override Equals when defining ==. For example: these should be consistent. Typically implement both together.","Operators"
CS0661,"This warning indicates equality operator without GetHashCode.","To resolve this override GetHashCode when defining ==. For example: equality comparisons affect hashing. Implement all three consistently.","Object Overrides"
CS0662,"This error occurs with out attribute on ref parameter.","To fix this remove conflicting parameter attributes. For example: `[Out] ref` is invalid. Choose either ref or out direction.","Parameters"
CS0663,"This error happens with overloads differing only in ref/out.","To solve this make overloads distinguishable beyond refness. For example: add parameters or change types. Ref/out alone doesn't differentiate.","Overloading"
CS0664,"This warning indicates literal double cast may lose precision.","To resolve this be aware of potential precision loss. For example: `(float)1.23` may lose digits. Consider using float literal suffix instead.","Type Conversion"
CS0665,"This warning happens with assignment in bool context.","To fix this clarify intent with comparison if needed. For example: `if (x = y)` should be `if (x == y)`. Assignment in conditions may be unintentional.","Syntax"
CS0666,"This error occurs when protected member is in struct.","To solve this make member private or internal. For example: structs cannot be inherited so protected is meaningless. Adjust accessibility appropriately.","Structs"
CS0668,"This error happens with inconsistent indexer names.","To resolve this ensure all indexers have same name. For example: `this[]` should match in all overloads. Typically use "Item" as name.","Indexers"
CS0669,"This error occurs when ComImport class has user constructor.","To fix this remove constructors from ComImport classes. For example: COM classes get constructors from COM. Don't define your own.","COM Interop"
CS0670,"This error happens when field has void type.","To solve this give field a proper type. For example: `int field;` not `void field;`. Fields must have concrete storage types.","Fields"
CS0672,"This warning indicates non-obsolete member overrides obsolete.","To resolve this consider marking overriding member obsolete. For example: `[Obsolete] override void Method()`. Preserve deprecation in hierarchies.","Obsolete Code"
CS0673,"This error occurs with System.Void usage.","To fix this use void keyword instead of System.Void. For example: `void Method()` not `System.Void Method()`. Void is a special case in C#.","Type System"
CS0674,"This error happens with explicit params array usage.","To solve this use params keyword instead of array directly. For example: `params int[]` not explicit `int[]`. Params enables special calling syntax.","Parameters"
CS0675,"This warning indicates bitwise OR on signed value extension.","To resolve this consider unsigned types for bit operations. For example: sign extension affects bitwise results. Be aware of numeric representations.","Bit Operations"
CS0677,"This error occurs with volatile struct field.","To fix this avoid volatile on struct fields. For example: volatile works only on reference types. Consider alternative synchronization.","Volatile"
CS0678,"This error happens with volatile and readonly together.","To solve this choose either volatile or readonly. For example: they have conflicting semantics. Fields can't be both immutable and changeable.","Fields"
CS0681,"This error occurs with abstract field declaration.","To resolve this use abstract property instead. For example: `abstract int Property { get; }`. Fields cannot be abstract in C#.","Fields"
CS0682,"This error happens with bogus explicit implementation.","To fix this correct the interface implementation. For example: ensure method matches interface exactly. Check spelling and signatures.","Interfaces"
CS0683,"This error occurs with explicit method impl of accessor.","To solve this implement the complete property. For example: don't implement get/set separately from interface. Implement the full property.","Properties"
CS0684,"This warning indicates CoClass without ComImport.","To resolve this add ComImport to CoClass interface. For example: `[ComImport, CoClass]`. CoClass requires COM interop markers.","COM Interop"
CS0685,"This error happens with conditional method with out param.","To fix this avoid out parameters in conditional methods. For example: conditional methods may be omitted breaking out param contracts. Use return values instead.","Methods"
CS0686,"This error occurs when accessor implements method.","To solve this implement interface members directly. For example: don't have property accessor implement interface method. Implement the method separately.","Interfaces"
CS0687,"This error happens with alias qualifier as expression.","To resolve this use alias only in namespace contexts. For example: `Alias::Type` not as standalone expression. Aliases are for type resolution.","Namespaces"
CS0689,"This error occurs when deriving from type parameter.","To fix this constrain type parameter to class if needed. For example: `where T : class` but can't derive from T directly. Consider composition over inheritance.","Generics"
CS0692,"This error happens with duplicate type parameter name.","To solve this rename the duplicate type parameter. For example: `Method<T,T>()` should use distinct names. Each type parameter must be unique.","Generics"
CS0693,"This warning indicates type parameter hides outer one.","To resolve this rename inner type parameter for clarity. For example: `class C<T> { void M<T>() }` has hiding. Consider more descriptive names.","Generics"
CS0694,"This error occurs when type parameter same as parent.","To fix this rename type parameter to avoid conflict. For example: `class Derived<T> : Base<T>` is fine but not same name in nested scope.","Generics"
CS0695,"This error happens with unifying interface instantiations.","To solve this ensure generic interfaces are distinct. For example: `I<T>` and `I<string>` may unify unexpectedly. Check generic type arguments.","Generics"
CS0699,"This error occurs when type parameter not found in constraints.","To resolve this check constraint references match parameters. For example: `where T : U` requires U to be in scope. Verify all constraint types exist.","Generics"
CS0701,"This error happens with invalid constraint type.","To solve this use only valid constraint types. For example: `where T : new()` or interface types. Some types can't be constraints.","Generics"
CS0702,"This error occurs when special type used as constraint.","To fix this avoid System.Array etc. as constraints. For example: some built-in types have restrictions. Use interfaces instead where possible.","Generics"
CS0703,"This error happens with invalid visibility constraint.","To resolve this make constraint at least as visible as generic. For example: public class with internal constraint is invalid. Check accessibility levels.","Access Modifiers"
CS0704,"This error occurs when lookup in type variable.","To solve this perform lookup on concrete types only. For example: can't access `T.Member` directly. Use reflection or constraints for type-safe access.","Generics"
CS0706,"This error happens with invalid constraint type.","To fix this use proper constraint types. For example: `where T : class` or interface not value types. Check generic constraint rules.","Generics"
CS0708,"This error occurs when instance member in static class.","To resolve this make member static or move to instance class. For example: static classes can't have instance members. Adjust modifiers or class type.","Static Classes"
CS0709,"This error happens with static derived from non-object.","To solve this derive static classes only from object. For example: static classes can't specify other base types. Remove explicit inheritance.","Static Classes"
CS0710,"This error occurs with constructor in static class.","To fix this remove constructor from static class. For example: static classes have static constructor only. Instance constructors are invalid.","Static Classes"
CS0711,"This error happens with destructor in static class.","To resolve this remove destructor from static class. For example: static classes can't have destructors. They're never instantiated or collected.","Static Classes"
CS0712,"This error occurs when instantiating static class.","To solve this don't create instances of static classes. For example: `new StaticClass()` is invalid. Static classes are abstract and sealed.","Static Classes"
CS0713,"This error happens when static class derives from non-object.","To fix this ensure static classes don't specify bases. For example: static classes implicitly derive from object. Remove explicit base class.","Static Classes"
CS0714,"This error occurs when static class implements interface.","To resolve this remove interface from static class. For example: static classes can't implement interfaces. They're not instantiable.","Static Classes"
CS0715,"This error happens with operator in static class.","To solve this move operator to non-static class. For example: static classes can't define operators. Operators require instances.","Static Classes"
CS0716,"This error occurs when converting to static class.","To fix this avoid casting to static classes. For example: static classes can't be type arguments. They're not convertible.","Static Classes"
CS0717,"This error happens when static class used as constraint.","To resolve this avoid static classes in constraints. For example: `where T : StaticClass` is invalid. Use interfaces or base classes instead.","Generics"
CS0718,"This error occurs when static class as generic argument.","To solve this use instance types as type arguments. For example: `List<StaticClass>` is invalid. Static classes can't be generic parameters.","Generics"
CS0719,"This error happens with array of static class.","To fix this avoid arrays of static classes. For example: `StaticClass[]` is invalid. Static classes can't be array elements.","Arrays"
CS0720,"This error occurs with indexer in static class.","To resolve this remove indexer from static class. For example: static classes can't have indexers. They're instance members.","Static Classes"
CS0721,"This error happens with static class as parameter type.","To solve this use instance types for parameters. For example: `void Method(StaticClass p)` is invalid. Static classes can't be parameter types.","Static Classes"
CS0722,"This error occurs with static class as return type.","To fix this use instance types for returns. For example: `StaticClass Method()` is invalid. Static classes can't be returned.","Static Classes"
CS0723,"This error happens with static class as local variable.","To resolve this don't declare static class variables. For example: `StaticClass var;` is invalid. Static classes can't be instantiated.","Static Classes"
CS0724,"This error occurs with empty throw in finally clause.","To solve this provide exception object to throw. For example: `throw new Exception();` not just `throw;` in finally. Rethrow needs original exception.","Exception Handling"
CS0726,"This error happens with invalid format specifier.","To resolve this use correct format specifiers. For example: `:format` strings must be valid for the type. Check formatting documentation.","Syntax"
CS0728,"This warning indicates assignment to lock/dispose variable.","To fix this avoid reassigning lock or using variables. For example: `lock (o) { o = null; }` breaks synchronization. Keep references stable.","Locking"
CS0729,"This error occurs with type forwarder in this assembly.","To solve this remove circular type forwarding. For example: forwarders must point to external assemblies. Check your type forwarder targets.","Type Forwarding"
CS0730,"This error happens with forwarded type being nested.","To resolve this forward top-level types only. For example: nested types can't be forwarded directly. Forward the containing type instead.","Type Forwarding"
CS0731,"This error occurs with cycle in type forwarders.","To fix this break circular forwarding references. For example: A->B->A is invalid. Ensure forwarders form a DAG. Check all forwarding paths.","Type Forwarding"
CS0734,"This error happens with assembly name on non-module.","To resolve this use AssemblyNameAttribute on assemblies. For example: modules have different metadata requirements. Check your compilation units.","Assemblies"
CS0735,"This error occurs with invalid type forwarder.","To solve this specify valid target types for forwarding. For example: forwarders must target existing public types. Verify your type references.","Type Forwarding"
CS0736,"This error happens when interface member not implemented statically.","To resolve this implement interface members properly. For example: static classes can't implement interfaces. Make class non-static or remove interface.","Interfaces"
CS0737,"This error occurs when interface member not public.","To fix this make interface implementations public. For example: `void IInterface.Method()` must be public. Interface contracts require accessibility.","Access Modifiers"
CS0738,"This error happens with interface member wrong return type.","To solve this match interface return types exactly. For example: `string Method()` can't implement `object Method()`. Verify all return types.","Interfaces"
CS0739,"This error occurs with duplicate type forwarder.","To resolve this remove duplicate forwarding declarations. For example: each type should be forwarded once. Check for multiple attributes.","Type Forwarding"
CS0742,"This error happens when query body lacks select or group.","To solve this add select or group clause to query. For example: `from x in xs select x`. All queries need a terminal clause.","LINQ"
CS0743,"This error occurs when expected contextual keyword 'on'.","To resolve this add required 'on' keyword in join. For example: `join x in xs on y equals z`. Verify query expression syntax.","LINQ"
CS0744,"This error happens when expected contextual keyword 'equals'.","To fix this add 'equals' in join clause. For example: `join x in xs on y equals z`. Join conditions require equals comparison.","LINQ"
CS0745,"This error occurs when expected contextual keyword 'by'.","To solve this add 'by' keyword in group clause. For example: `group x by y`. Grouping requires a by clause.","LINQ"
CS0746,"This error happens with invalid anonymous type member declarator.","To resolve this use proper anonymous type syntax. For example: `new { Name = value }`. Member declarators need names and values.","Anonymous Types"
CS0747,"This error occurs with invalid initializer element.","To fix this use valid initializer expressions. For example: array initializers need proper elements. Check your initialization syntax.","Initializers"
CS0748,"This error happens with inconsistent lambda parameter usage.","To solve this use lambda parameters consistently. For example: `(x, y) => x + y` must use all declared parameters. Verify parameter usage.","Lambdas"
CS0750,"This error occurs when partial method is abstract.","To resolve this remove abstract from partial methods. For example: partial methods can't be abstract. They're either implemented or removed.","Partial Classes"
CS0751,"This error happens when partial member in non-partial class.","To fix this make class partial or remove partial member. For example: `partial void Method()` requires partial class. Add partial to class definition.","Partial Classes"
CS0754,"This error occurs with partial member not explicitly implemented.","To resolve this implement partial members consistently. For example: partial methods must match declarations. Check all partial definitions.","Partial Classes"
CS0755,"This error happens with extension method difference in partial.","To solve this make extension methods consistent. For example: both parts must agree on this modifier. Check method signatures match.","Partial Classes"
CS0756,"This error occurs with multiple latent partial method declarations.","To fix this have only one declaration of partial method. For example: partial methods can't have multiple declarations. Consolidate to one.","Partial Classes"
CS0757,"This error happens with multiple implementing partial methods.","To resolve this have only one implementation of partial method. For example: partial methods can't have multiple bodies. Consolidate to one.","Partial Classes"
CS0758,"This error occurs with parameter difference in partial methods.","To solve this make parameters match in all parts. For example: `partial void Method(int x)` must match in all declarations. Verify all signatures.","Partial Classes"
CS0759,"This error happens when partial method lacks declaration.","To fix this provide a declaring partial method. For example: implementing partial methods need declarations. Add the other partial definition.","Partial Classes"
CS0761,"This error occurs with inconsistent constraints in partial methods.","To resolve this make type constraints match. For example: `where T : new()` must be same in all parts. Verify all constraint clauses.","Partial Classes"
CS0762,"This error happens when creating delegate from partial method.","To solve this avoid delegates to partial methods. For example: partial methods may not exist at runtime. Use complete methods instead.","Partial Classes"
CS0763,"This error occurs with static difference in partial methods.","To fix this make static modifiers consistent. For example: both parts must agree on static. Check all method modifiers match.","Partial Classes"
CS0764,"This error happens with unsafe difference in partial methods.","To resolve this make unsafe modifiers consistent. For example: both parts must agree on unsafe. Verify all declarations match.","Partial Classes"
CS0765,"This error occurs with partial methods in expression trees.","To solve this avoid partial methods in expressions. For example: expression trees require complete methods. Use regular methods instead.","Partial Classes"
CS0767,"This error happens with ref/out collision in explicit impl.","To resolve this make ref/out parameters consistent. For example: interface implementations must match exactly. Check all parameter modifiers.","Interfaces"
CS0768,"This error occurs with indirect recursive constructor call.","To fix this break constructor recursion cycles. For example: `A() : this(B())` and `B() : this(A())` is invalid. Ensure constructor chains terminate.","Constructors"
CS0809,"This warning indicates obsolete member overrides non-obsolete.","To resolve this consider marking override obsolete too. For example: preserve deprecation in inheritance chains. Document why member is obsolete.","Obsolete Code"
CS0811,"This warning happens when debug symbol name is too long.","To solve this shorten identifier names if possible. For example: very long names may exceed debug format limits. Consider more concise naming.","Debugging"
CS0815,"This error occurs when implicitly typed variable has bad value.","To fix this provide clear initializer for var. For example: `var x = "string";` not ambiguous initializers. The compiler must infer the type.","Type Inference"
CS0818,"This error happens when implicitly typed variable lacks initializer.","To solve this provide initializer for var declarations. For example: `var x = 5;` not just `var x;`. var requires initialization.","Type Inference"
CS0819,"This error occurs with multiple declarators for implicit type.","To resolve this split into separate declarations. For example: `var x = 1, y = 2;` is invalid. Declare each var separately.","Type Inference"
CS0820,"This error happens when array initializer assigned to implicit var.","To solve this specify array type explicitly. For example: `int[] arr = {1,2};` not `var arr = {1,2};`. Array types must be clear.","Arrays"
CS0821,"This error occurs when implicitly typed local is fixed.","To fix this use explicit type for fixed buffers. For example: `fixed int buffer[10];` not `fixed var buffer[10];`. Fixed buffers need known types.","Unsafe Code"
CS0822,"This error happens when implicitly typed variable is const.","To solve this use explicit type for constants. For example: `const int x = 5;` not `const var x = 5;`. const requires explicit types.","Constants"
CS0824,"This warning indicates extern constructor lacks implementation.","To resolve this provide constructor body or remove extern. For example: extern constructors need DllImport or other implementation.","Constructors"
CS0825,"This error occurs when type parameter cannot be found.","To solve this ensure type parameters are in scope. For example: generic methods must declare their type parameters. Check your generic declarations.","Generics"
CS0826,"This error happens when no best type for array initializer.","To fix this provide elements with common type. For example: `new[] {1, 2.0}` is ambiguous. Make all elements convertible to one type.","Arrays"
CS0828,"This error occurs with anonymous type property bad value.","To resolve this provide valid expressions for properties. For example: `new { Value = expr }` needs valid expr. Check your initializers.","Anonymous Types"
CS0831,"This error happens with base access in expression tree.","To solve this avoid base calls in expression trees. For example: expression trees can't represent base.member calls. Refactor to avoid this.","Expression Trees"
CS0832,"This error occurs with assignment in expression tree.","To fix this remove assignments from expressions. For example: expression trees can't represent assignments. Use separate statements.","Expression Trees"
CS0833,"This error happens with duplicate anonymous type property.","To resolve this rename duplicate properties. For example: `new { X = 1, X = 2 }` is invalid. Ensure all property names are unique.","Anonymous Types"
CS0834,"This error occurs when lambda cannot be converted to expression tree.","To solve this use simpler lambda or delegate. For example: some language features can't be expressed in trees. Check lambda limitations.","Expression Trees"
CS0835,"This error happens when expression tree has no delegate type.","To fix this provide explicit delegate type. For example: `Expression<Func<int>>` not just `Expression`. Expression trees need delegate types.","Expression Trees"
CS0836,"This error occurs when anonymous type not available.","To resolve this ensure anonymous types are accessible. For example: cross-assembly usage may be restricted. Consider named types.","Anonymous Types"
CS0837,"This error happens with lambda in is/as operator.","To solve this move lambda outside operator. For example: `x is Func<int>` is valid but not with inline lambda. Use separate expression.","Lambdas"
CS0838,"This error occurs with multi-dim array init in expression tree.","To fix this use single-dim arrays in expressions. For example: expression trees have limited array support. Simplify your array usage.","Expression Trees"
CS0839,"This error happens with missing argument in method call.","To resolve this provide all required arguments. For example: `Method(arg1, arg2)` needs both parameters. Check method signatures.","Parameters"
CS0841,"This error occurs when variable used before declaration.","To solve this reorder declarations before use. For example: can't use `x` before `int x;`. Move declarations to top of scope.","Variable Scope"
CS0843,"This error happens when unassigned this auto-property.","To resolve this initialize auto-properties. For example: `public int Value { get; }` needs constructor initialization. Set values before use.","Properties"
CS0844,"This error occurs when variable hides field and used before decl.","To solve this rename variable or field to avoid hiding. For example: local `x` hiding field `x` causes confusion. Use distinct names.","Variable Scope"
CS0845,"This error happens with bad coalesce in expression tree.","To fix this simplify null-coalescing in expressions. For example: expression trees have limited operator support. Refactor your logic.","Expression Trees"
CS0846,"This error occurs when array initializer expected.","To resolve this provide proper array initialization. For example: `new int[] {1,2}` needs curly braces. Check your array syntax.","Arrays"
CS0847,"This error happens with incorrect array initializer length.","To solve this match initializer to array size. For example: `new int[2] {1}` is missing element. Provide correct number of values.","Arrays"
CS0853,"This error occurs with expression tree named argument.","To fix this avoid named arguments in expression trees. For example: expression trees don't support `Method(name: value)`. Use positional args.","Expression Trees"
CS0854,"This error happens with expression tree optional argument.","To resolve this avoid optional parameters in expression trees. For example: expression trees don't support omitted args. Provide all values.","Expression Trees"
CS0855,"This error occurs with expression tree indexed property.","To solve this avoid indexed properties in expressions. For example: expression trees have limited property support. Use regular properties.","Expression Trees"
CS0856,"This error happens when indexed property lacks params.","To fix this add params to indexer parameters. For example: COM indexed properties need params array. Check your property definition.","Indexers"
CS0857,"This error occurs when indexed property has non-optional params.","To resolve this make all params optional. For example: COM indexers require optional parameters. Add default values.","Indexers"
CS1001,"This error happens when identifier expected but not found.","To solve this provide valid identifier name. For example: `class MissingName` needs identifier. Check for missing names in declarations.","Syntax"
CS1002,"This error occurs when semicolon expected but not found.","To fix this add missing semicolon. For example: `int x` needs `;`. Check statement endings in your code.","Syntax"
CS1003,"This error happens with general syntax error.","To resolve this correct the syntax error. For example: check for typos or misplaced tokens. The compiler provides location hints.","Syntax"
CS1004,"This error occurs with duplicate modifier.","To solve this remove duplicate modifiers. For example: `public public` is invalid. Each modifier should appear once.","Modifiers"
CS1007,"This error happens with duplicate accessor definition.","To resolve this remove duplicate get/set blocks. For example: properties can have only one get and one set. Check your accessor definitions.","Properties"
CS1008,"This error occurs when integral type expected.","To fix this use byte, sbyte, short, etc. For example: enum base types must be integral. Check type requirements.","Types"
CS1009,"This error happens with illegal escape sequence.","To solve this use valid escape sequences. For example: `\n` is valid but `\z` isn't. Check escape character docs.","Strings"
CS1010,"This error occurs with newline in constant.","To resolve this keep constants on one line. For example: string literals can't span lines without concatenation. Use `+` for multi-line strings.","Constants"
CS1011,"This error happens with empty character literal.","To fix this put character between quotes. For example: `'a'` not `''`. Character literals need exactly one char.","Literals"
CS1012,"This error occurs with too many characters in literal.","To solve this use only one character in quotes. For example: `'a'` is valid but `'ab'` isn't. Use string for multiple chars.","Literals"
CS1013,"This error happens with invalid number format.","To resolve this use proper numeric syntax. For example: `1.2.3` is invalid. Check numeric literal rules.","Literals"
CS1014,"This error occurs when get or set accessor expected.","To fix this add get or set block. For example: properties need at least one accessor. Add `get;` or `set;`.","Properties"
CS1015,"This error happens when class type expected.","To solve this use class type where required. For example: some attributes need class types. Check parameter requirements.","Types"
CS1016,"This error occurs when named argument expected.","To resolve this provide parameter name. For example: `[Attribute(Name = value)]` needs named arg. Check attribute syntax.","Attributes"
CS1017,"This error happens with too many catch clauses.","To solve this reduce catch blocks or combine them. For example: only one general catch is allowed. Consolidate exception handling.","Exception Handling"
CS1018,"This error occurs when this or base keyword expected.","To fix this use proper constructor initializer. For example: `: this()` or `: base()` in constructors. Check your constructor chaining.","Constructors"
CS1019,Overloadable unary operator expected occurs when you try to define an operator overload but forget to include the operator symbol. To fix this ensure your operator overload includes a valid unary operator like + - ! or ~. Example: public static MyClass operator+(MyClass a) { return a; }, Operator Overloading  
CS1020,Overloadable binary operator expected happens when defining an operator overload without specifying a binary operator. Include a valid binary operator like + - * / or %. Example: public static MyClass operator+(MyClass a, MyClass b) { return a; }, Operator Overloading  
CS1021,Integer constant overflow occurs when you assign a value too large for the integer type. Use a larger type or reduce the value. Example: long bigNumber = 2147483648L;, Literals and Constants  
CS1022,Type or namespace definition or end-of-file expected happens when code structure is incomplete. Ensure all types and namespaces are properly closed. Example: class MyClass { }, Syntax Basics  
CS1023,Embedded statement cannot be a declaration or labeled statement occurs when putting declarations in single-line control statements. Use braces for multiple statements. Example: if(true) int x = 5; // Error, Control Flow  
CS1024,Preprocessor directive expected happens when using # incorrectly. Use valid directives like #if or #region. Example: #define DEBUG, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1025,Single-line comment or end-of-line expected occurs after preprocessor directives. Don't put code on same line. Example: #if DEBUG int x=5; // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1026,Close parenthesis expected happens when missing ) in expressions or method calls. Check all parentheses pairs. Example: if(x > 5 { } // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1027,Endif directive expected occurs when #if lacks matching #endif. Always pair conditional directives. Example: #if DEBUG ... #endif, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1028,Unexpected preprocessor directive happens when directives are misplaced. Put directives at file start. Example: class C { #region Test #endregion }, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1029,Error directive encountered occurs with #error directive. Fix the reported issue. Example: #error Fix this error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1030,Warning directive encountered appears with #warning. Review the warning message. Example: #warning Review this, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1031,Type expected happens when a type name is missing. Specify the type explicitly. Example: List<> list; // Error, Generics  
CS1032,Preprocessor directive expected after token occurs with malformed directives. Use complete directives. Example: # define DEBUG // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1035,Unterminated comment found occurs with unclosed /* comments. Close all comments. Example: /* This comment never ends, Syntax Basics  
CS1037,Overloadable operator expected happens when operator keyword lacks an operator. Include an operator symbol. Example: public static MyClass operator(MyClass a) { }, Operator Overloading  
CS1038,Endregion directive expected occurs when #region lacks #endregion. Always pair region directives. Example: #region Test Code, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1039,Unterminated string literal happens with unclosed quotes. Close all string literals. Example: string s = "hello; // Error, Strings  
CS1040,Bad preprocessor directive placement occurs when directives appear after code. Put directives first. Example: int x; #region Test, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1041,Identifier expected but keyword found happens when using keywords as identifiers. Use @ prefix or rename. Example: int class = 5; // Error, Keywords  
CS1043,Semicolon or brace expected occurs when statements aren't properly terminated. Add ; or }. Example: void Method() int x=5 // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1044,Multiple types in declaration happens when declaring multiple types in one statement. Declare separately. Example: int a, string b; // Error, Variable Declaration  
CS1055,Add or remove accessor expected occurs with incomplete property accessors. Include both or one. Example: int Prop { } // Error, Properties  
CS1056,Unexpected character appears with invalid syntax characters. Remove invalid chars. Example: int x@=5; // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1057,Protected member in static class occurs when using protected in static classes. Remove protected. Example: static class C { protected static void M() }, Static Classes  
CS1058,Warning about unreachable catch block happens when catch follows general catch. Reorder catch blocks. Example: try{} catch(Exception){} catch{} // Warning, Exception Handling  
CS1059,Increment target must be assignable occurs when incrementing non-variables. Use variables only. Example: 5++; // Error, Operators  
CS1061,Member not found happens when accessing nonexistent members. Check member names. Example: string s; s.DoSomething(); // Error, Members  
CS1062,Deprecated collection init add warning appears with old collection syntax. Use newer syntax. Example: new List<int> { 1, 2, 3 }; // Warning, Collections  
CS1063,Deprecated collection init add error occurs with invalid collection init. Use proper syntax. Example: new List<int> { "text" }; // Error, Collections  
CS1064,Default value not allowed happens when assigning defaults to certain types. Remove default. Example: event Action e = null; // Error, Events  
CS1066,Warning about unconsumed location appears with unused out parameters. Use the parameter. Example: Method(out _); // Warning, Parameters  
CS1067,Partial type parameter variance mismatch occurs when partial declarations disagree. Match variance. Example: partial class C<T> {} partial class C<in T> {} // Error, Generics  
CS1068,Global type not found happens with missing global qualifier. Check type existence. Example: global::Missing.Type; // Error, Namespaces  
CS1069,Dotted type not found in namespace occurs with incorrect namespace paths. Verify hierarchy. Example: System.Windows.Missing; // Error, Namespaces  
CS1070,Single type name not found happens with missing types. Add reference or fix name. Example: UsingMissingType x; // Error, Types  
CS1072,Unexpected token occurs with syntax errors. Check token placement. Example: int x = if; // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1073,Unexpected token happens with malformed syntax. Review language rules. Example: class { } // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1100,Bad this parameter occurs with invalid this modifiers. Fix parameter syntax. Example: void M(this this int x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1103,Bad type for this parameter happens when extending invalid types. Extend classes only. Example: static void M(this int x) {} // OK, Extension Methods  
CS1104,Parameter array cannot be used with this occurs with params and this. Remove one modifier. Example: void M(this params int[] x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1105,Extension method must be static occurs with instance extension methods. Add static. Example: void M(this string s) {} // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1106,Extension method in non-static class happens in instance classes. Use static class. Example: class C { static void M(this string s) } // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1107,Duplicate parameter modifier occurs with repeated modifiers. Use each once. Example: void M(ref ref int x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1109,Extension methods declaration error happens with invalid declarations. Follow rules. Example: extension void M(string s) {} // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1110,Extension attribute not found occurs without System.Runtime.CompilerServices. Add reference. Example: Missing ExtensionAttribute // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1112,Explicit extension method happens with explicit interface impl. Not allowed. Remove explicit. Example: static void I.M(this string s) {} // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1113,Value type extension on delegate occurs when extending delegates. Extend classes only. Example: static void M(this Action a) {} // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1501,Bad argument count happens when parameter counts don't match. Adjust arguments. Example: void M(int x) {} M(); // Error, Method Invocation  
CS1503,Argument type mismatch occurs with incompatible types. Match parameter types. Example: void M(int x) {} M("text"); // Error, Parameters  
CS1504,Source file not found happens with missing files. Check file existence. Example: #load "missing.cs" // Error, File Handling  
CS1507,Cannot reference resource occurs with invalid resource links. Fix resource paths. Example: [assembly: MissingResource] // Error, Resources  
CS1508,Resource not unique happens with duplicate resources. Make identifiers unique. Example: resx with duplicate names // Error, Resources  
CS1509,Reference to non-assembly occurs when loading non-DLLs. Reference assemblies only. Example: /reference:file.txt // Error, References  
CS1510,Ref or out argument must be assignable occurs with non-variable arguments. Use variables. Example: int.TryParse("1", out 2); // Error, Parameters  
CS1511,Base in static method happens when using base in static context. Remove base. Example: static void M() { base.M(); } // Error, Inheritance  
CS1512,Base in bad context occurs with invalid base usage. Use only in instances. Example: base = null; // Error, Inheritance  
CS1513,Close brace expected happens with missing }. Add closing brace. Example: class C { // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1514,Open brace expected occurs with missing {. Add opening brace. Example: class C ; // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1515,In expected in foreach happens when missing in keyword. Add in. Example: foreach(var x, list) {} // Error, Control Flow  
CS1517,Invalid preprocessor expression occurs with malformed conditions. Fix expression. Example: #if ! // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1519,Invalid member declaration happens with malformed members. Follow syntax rules. Example: class C { int x }; // Error, Members  
CS1520,Member needs type occurs when omitting type declarations. Specify types. Example: class C { x; } // Error, Members  
CS1521,Invalid base type happens with invalid inheritance. Inherit from classes only. Example: class C : int {} // Error, Inheritance  
CS1522,Empty switch block warning appears with no case statements. Add cases or remove. Example: switch(x) {} // Warning, Control Flow  
CS1524,Expected end try occurs when try block isn't closed. Add catch/finally. Example: try { } // Error, Exception Handling  
CS1525,Invalid expression term happens with malformed expressions. Fix syntax. Example: int x = *; // Error, Expressions  
CS1526,New expression requires type occurs with invalid new usage. Specify type. Example: new (); // Error, Object Creation  
CS1527,Namespace elements cannot be private happens with access modifiers. Remove private. Example: private namespace N {} // Error, Namespaces  
CS1528,Bad variable declaration occurs with invalid syntax. Follow declaration rules. Example: int x, y, z; // Error, Variable Declaration  
CS1529,Using after elements happens when using appears after code. Put usings first. Example: class C {} using System; // Error, Namespaces  
CS1534,Overloaded binary operator expected occurs with invalid operator overloads. Use binary ops. Example: public static MyClass operator+(MyClass a) {} // Error, Operator Overloading  
CS1535,Overloaded unary operator expected happens with invalid operator overloads. Use unary ops. Example: public static MyClass operator+(MyClass a, MyClass b) {} // Error, Operator Overloading  
CS1536,Invalid parameter type void occurs with void parameters. Remove void. Example: void M(void x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1537,Duplicate using alias happens with repeated aliases. Make unique or remove. Example: using A = X; using A = Y; // Error, Namespaces  
CS1540,Protected access not allowed occurs when accessing protected incorrectly. Adjust access. Example: class Base { protected int x; } class Other { void M() { new Base().x; } } // Error, Access Modifiers  
CS1542,Add module assembly error happens with invalid module refs. Check references. Example: /addmodule:missing.netmodule // Error, Assemblies  
CS1545,Bind to bogus property occurs with invalid property access. Check properties. Example: "text".Length = 1; // Error, Properties  
CS1546,Bind to bogus property happens with read-only access. Don't set read-only. Example: "text".Length++; // Error, Properties  
CS1547,Keyword void cannot be used occurs with invalid void usage. Remove void. Example: void x; // Error, Keywords  
CS1551,Indexer needs parameters happens with parameterless indexers. Add parameters. Example: class C { int this { } } // Error, Indexers  
CS1552,Bad array syntax occurs with malformed arrays. Use correct syntax. Example: int[5] x; // Error, Arrays  
CS1553,Bad operator syntax happens with invalid declarations. Follow operator rules. Example: public static operator+(C c) {} // Error, Operator Overloading  
CS1555,Main class not found occurs without valid Main method. Add static Main. Example: class Program { } // Error, Program Structure  
CS1556,Main class must be class happens with non-class Main containers. Use class. Example: struct Program { static void Main() {} } // Error, Program Structure  
CS1558,No Main in class occurs without Main method. Add Main. Example: class Program { } // Error, Program Structure  
CS1562,Output needs name happens with missing output names. Specify filename. Example: /out: // Error, Compilation  
CS1564,Cant have Win32 res and manifest occurs with conflicting options. Choose one. Example: /win32res:1.res /win32manifest:1.manifest // Error, Resources  
CS1565,Cant have Win32 res and icon happens with conflicting options. Choose one. Example: /win32res:1.res /win32icon:1.ico // Error, Resources  
CS1566,Cant read resource file occurs with invalid resources. Fix resource files. Example: /win32res:missing.res // Error, Resources  
CS1569,Doc file gen error happens with XML doc issues. Fix doc comments. Example: /// <summary> // Error, XML Documentation  
CS1570,XML parse warning appears with malformed XML docs. Fix tags. Example: /// <summary>text // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1571,Duplicate param tag occurs with repeated param docs. Remove duplicates. Example: /// <param name="x"/><param name="x"/> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1572,Unmatched param tag happens with undocumented parameters. Add or remove. Example: /// <param name="missing"/> void M(int x) {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1573,Missing param tag occurs with undocumented parameters. Document all. Example: void M(int x) {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1574,Bad XML ref happens with invalid cref attributes. Fix references. Example: /// <see cref="Missing"/> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1575,Bad stackalloc expression occurs with invalid stackalloc. Use correct syntax. Example: int* p = stackalloc; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1576,Invalid line number happens with malformed #line. Fix directive. Example: #line "file" // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1578,Missing preprocessor file occurs with missing #line files. Add file. Example: #line 1 "missing.cs" // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1579,ForEach missing member happens without GetEnumerator. Implement interface. Example: foreach(var x in 5) {} // Error, Control Flow  
CS1580,Bad XML ref param type occurs with mismatched param types. Match types. Example: /// <param name="x" type="string"/> void M(int x) {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1581,Bad XML ref return type happens with mismatched returns. Match types. Example: /// <returns type="string"/> int M() => 0; // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1583,Bad Win32 resource occurs with invalid resources. Fix resource files. Example: /win32res:invalid.res // Error, Resources  
CS1584,Bad XML ref syntax appears with malformed cref. Fix syntax. Example: /// <see cref="T:>"/> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1585,Bad modifier location happens with misplaced modifiers. Reorder correctly. Example: void static M() {} // Error, Modifiers  
CS1586,Missing array size occurs with incomplete array creation. Specify size. Example: new int[]; // Error, Arrays  
CS1587,Unprocessed XML comment happens with malformed docs. Fix comments. Example: /// <summary> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1589,Failed include warning appears with missing includes. Fix paths. Example: #include "missing.cs" // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1590,Invalid include occurs with malformed includes. Fix syntax. Example: #include < > // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1591,Missing XML comment warning happens with undocumented members. Add docs. Example: public void M() {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1592,XML parse include error occurs with bad include syntax. Fix includes. Example: #include "unclosed // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1593,Bad delegate arg count happens with incorrect delegate params. Match counts. Example: Action a = () => 1; // Error, Delegates  
CS1597,Unexpected semicolon occurs with misplaced ;. Remove or move. Example: if(true); ; // Error, Syntax Basics  
CS1599,Method return cant be __arglist happens with invalid returns. Remove __arglist. Example: __arglist M() {} // Error, Methods  
CS1600,Compilation cancelled occurs when user stops build. No code fix. Example: (n/a) // Error, Compilation  
CS1601,Method arg cant be __arglist happens with invalid params. Remove __arglist. Example: void M(__arglist x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1604,Assign to readonly local occurs when modifying readonly. Remove assignment. Example: readonly int x; x = 5; // Error, Variables  
CS1605,Ref readonly local happens when refing readonly. Remove ref. Example: readonly int x; ref int y = ref x; // Error, Variables  
CS1608,Cant use Required attribute occurs with invalid usage. Remove attribute. Example: [Required] int x; // Error, Attributes  
CS1609,No modifiers on accessor happens with accessor modifiers. Remove them. Example: int P { public get; } // Error, Properties  
CS1611,Params cant be with modifier occurs with conflicting modifiers. Remove one. Example: void M(params ref int[] x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1612,Return not lvalue happens when modifying return values. Store first. Example: M() = 5; // Error, Methods  
CS1613,Missing coclass occurs without COM class interface. Add interface. Example: [ComImport] class C {} // Error, COM Interop  
CS1614,Ambiguous attribute happens with multiple possible attributes. Specify fully. Example: [My] // Error, Attributes  
CS1615,Bad arg extra ref occurs with unnecessary ref. Remove ref. Example: void M(ref int x) {} M(ref 5); // Error, Parameters  
CS1617,Bad compat option occurs with invalid /langversion. Use valid option. Example: /langversion:invalid // Error, Compilation  
CS1618,Delegate on conditional method happens with [Conditional]. Remove one. Example: [Conditional] delegate void D(); // Error, Attributes  
CS1619,Cant make temp file occurs with file permission issues. Fix permissions. Example: (n/a) // Error, File Handling  
CS1620,Bad arg ref occurs with ref mismatch. Match refness. Example: void M(ref int x) {} int y; M(out y); // Error, Parameters  
CS1621,Yield in anonymous method occurs with yield in lambdas. Remove yield. Example: Func<IEnumerable> f = () => { yield return 1; }; // Error, Iterators  
CS1622,Return in iterator happens with return value in iterator. Use yield only. Example: IEnumerable<int> M() { return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1623,Bad iterator arg type occurs with ref/out params. Remove modifiers. Example: IEnumerable<int> M(ref int x) { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1624,Bad iterator return happens with non-iterator returns. Use IEnumerable. Example: int M() { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1625,Yield in finally occurs with yield in finally. Move yield out. Example: try {} finally { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1626,Yield in try with catch happens with yield in try-catch. Restructure. Example: try { yield return 1; } catch {} // Error, Iterators  
CS1627,Empty yield occurs with missing expression. Add value. Example: yield; // Error, Iterators  
CS1628,Anonymous delegate cant use occurs with ref/out params. Remove modifiers. Example: Func<int> f = delegate(ref int x) { return 1; }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1631,Cant yield in catch occurs with yield in catch. Restructure. Example: catch { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1632,Bad delegate control flow happens with invalid leave. Fix flow. Example: delegate { break; }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1633,Illegal pragma occurs with invalid #pragma. Use valid pragma. Example: #pragma invalid // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1634,Illegal #pragma warning happens with malformed warning. Fix syntax. Example: #pragma warning // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1635,Bad restore number occurs with invalid warning restore. Fix number. Example: #pragma warning restore 9999 // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1636,Varargs iterator occurs with __arglist in iterator. Remove __arglist. Example: IEnumerable<int> M(__arglist) { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1637,Unsafe iterator arg type happens with pointers in iterators. Remove unsafe. Example: IEnumerable<int> M(int* x) { yield return 1; } // Error, Iterators  
CS1639,Bad coclass signature occurs with invalid COM signatures. Fix signature. Example: [CoClass(typeof(string))] interface I {} // Error, COM Interop  
CS1640,IEnumerable<T> multiple occurs with duplicate implementations. Remove one. Example: class C : IEnumerable<int>, IEnumerable<string> {} // Error, Interfaces  
CS1641,Fixed buffer dimensions required happens with missing size. Add size. Example: fixed int buffer[]; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1642,Fixed buffer not in struct occurs in classes. Use struct only. Example: class C { fixed int buffer[10]; } // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1643,Anonymous return expected occurs with missing return type. Add type. Example: var f = () => { }; // Error, Lambdas  
CS1645,Non-ECMA feature warning appears with non-standard features. Consider portability. Example: __arglist // Warning, Language Features  
CS1646,Verbatim literal expected happens with invalid literals. Use @ prefix. Example: string s = "\"; // Error, Strings  
CS1648,Modify readonly field occurs when changing readonly. Remove assignment. Example: readonly int x = 5; x++; // Error, Fields  
CS1649,Ref readonly field happens when refing readonly. Remove ref. Example: readonly int x; ref int y = ref x; // Error, Fields  
CS1650,Modify static readonly occurs when changing static readonly. Remove assignment. Example: static readonly int x = 5; x++; // Error, Fields  
CS1651,Ref static readonly happens when refing static readonly. Remove ref. Example: static readonly int x; ref int y = ref x; // Error, Fields  
CS1654,Modify readonly local occurs when changing readonly. Remove assignment. Example: readonly int x = 5; x++; // Error, Variables  
CS1655,Ref readonly local happens when refing readonly. Remove ref. Example: readonly int x; ref int y = ref x; // Error, Variables  
CS1656,Modify readonly local cause occurs in foreach/using. Use regular variable. Example: foreach(readonly int x in list) x++; // Error, Variables  
CS1657,Ref readonly local cause happens in foreach/using. Use regular variable. Example: foreach(readonly int x in list) ref int y = ref x; // Error, Variables  
CS1658,Error override warning appears with override issues. Fix override. Example: override string ToString; // Warning, Inheritance  
CS1660,Anonymous method to non-delegate occurs when converting to wrong type. Use delegate. Example: object o = delegate { }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1661,Cant convert anonymous method params happens with param mismatch. Match types. Example: Action<int> a = delegate(string s) { }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1662,Cant convert anonymous method return occurs with return mismatch. Match types. Example: Func<int> f = delegate { return "text"; }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1663,Illegal fixed type occurs with non-unmanaged types. Use simple types. Example: fixed(string s = "") {} // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1664,Fixed buffer overflow happens with too large buffers. Reduce size. Example: fixed int buffer[10000000]; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1665,Invalid fixed array size occurs with non-constant sizes. Use constant. Example: int size = 10; fixed int buffer[size]; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1666,Fixed buffer not fixed happens with stackalloc misuse. Use fixed buffers. Example: int* p = stackalloc int[10]; p[0] = 1; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1667,Attribute not on accessor occurs with misplaced attributes. Move to property. Example: int P { [Attr] get; } // Error, Attributes  
CS1668,Invalid search path warning appears with bad paths. Fix path. Example: /lib:missing_dir // Warning, Compilation  
CS1669,Illegal varargs occurs with __arglist misuse. Remove __arglist. Example: void M(__arglist, int x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1670,Illegal params happens with params misuse. Fix declaration. Example: void M(params int x) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1671,Bad modifiers on namespace occurs with namespace modifiers. Remove them. Example: public namespace N {} // Error, Namespaces  
CS1672,Bad platform type occurs with invalid platform types. Fix type. Example: #if LINUX int x; #endif // Error, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1673,This struct not in anonymous method happens with struct this in lambdas. Avoid this. Example: struct S { void M() { Action a = () => this; } } // Error, Structs  
CS1674,No conversion to IDisposable occurs with non-disposable types. Implement IDisposable. Example: using(int x) {} // Error, Using Statements  
CS1676,Bad param ref occurs with ref mismatch. Match refness. Example: delegate void D(ref int x); D d = (out int x) => {}; // Error, Delegates  
CS1677,Bad param extra ref happens with unnecessary ref. Remove ref. Example: delegate void D(int x); D d = (ref int x) => {}; // Error, Delegates  
CS1678,Bad param type occurs with type mismatch. Match types. Example: delegate void D(int x); D d = (string s) => {}; // Error, Delegates  
CS1679,Bad extern alias occurs with invalid alias. Fix alias name. Example: extern alias Missing; // Error, References  
CS1680,Alias missing file happens with missing reference. Add reference. Example: /reference:Missing=missing.dll // Error, References  
CS1681,Global extern alias occurs with invalid global alias. Remove global. Example: global extern alias A; // Error, References  
CS1685,Multiple predefined types warning appears with duplicate types. Remove duplicates. Example: (compiler internal) // Warning, Types  
CS1686,Local cant be fixed and hoisted occurs in lambdas with fixed. Remove fixed. Example: fixed(int* p = &x) { Action a = () => *p; } // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1687,Too many lines for debugger warning appears with large files. Split files. Example: (n/a) // Warning, Debugging  
CS1688,Cant convert anonymous method no params happens with param mismatch. Match counts. Example: Action a = delegate(int x) { }; // Error, Delegates  
CS1689,Conditional on non-attribute occurs with [Conditional] misuse. Use on methods. Example: [Conditional] class C {} // Error, Attributes  
CS1690,Call on non-agile field warning appears with COM marshaling. Make field agile. Example: (COM context) // Warning, COM Interop  
CS1692,Invalid number happens with malformed numbers. Fix format. Example: int x = 1.2.3; // Error, Literals  
CS1695,Illegal checksum occurs with invalid #pragma checksum. Fix syntax. Example: #pragma checksum // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1696,End of line expected happens with malformed directives. Add newline. Example: #pragma warning disable // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1697,Conflicting checksum warning appears with mismatched checksums. Fix files. Example: #pragma checksum "file" "{00000000}" "A" #pragma checksum "file" "{00000000}" "B" // Warning, Preprocessor Directives  
CS1700,Invalid assembly name occurs with malformed names. Fix name. Example: /reference:<> // Error, Assemblies  
CS1701,Assembly reference version major/minor warning appears with version mismatch. Align versions. Example: /reference:MyLib,Version=1.0 /reference:MyLib,Version=2.0 // Warning, References  
CS1702,Assembly reference version build/rev warning appears with version mismatch. Align versions. Example: /reference:MyLib,Version=1.0.0.0 /reference:MyLib,Version=1.0.1.0 // Warning, References  
CS1703,Duplicate import occurs with multiple identical references. Remove duplicates. Example: /reference:MyLib.dll /reference:MyLib.dll // Error, References  
CS1704,Duplicate simple import happens with duplicate assembly names. Use full names. Example: /reference:MyLib /reference:MyLib // Error, References  
CS1705,Assembly match bad version occurs with incompatible references. Align versions. Example: /reference:MyLib,Version=1.0 /reference:MyLib,Version=2.0 // Error, References  
CS1708,Fixed needs lvalue occurs with non-addressable expressions. Use variables. Example: fixed(int* p = &1) {} // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1710,XML duplicate typeparam warning appears with duplicate docs. Remove duplicates. Example: /// <typeparam name="T"/><typeparam name="T"/> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1711,XML unmatched typeparam occurs with undocumented typeparams. Add or remove. Example: /// <typeparam name="Missing"/> class C<T> {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1712,XML missing typeparam happens with undocumented typeparams. Document all. Example: class C<T> {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1715,Type change on override occurs with mismatched return types. Match types. Example: override string ToString() => 1; // Error, Inheritance  
CS1716,Do not use FixedBuffer attribute happens with explicit usage. Use fixed keyword. Example: [FixedBuffer] int buffer[10]; // Error, Unsafe Code  
CS1717,Assignment to self warning appears with self-assignment. Remove or fix. Example: x = x; // Warning, Variables  
CS1718,Comparison to self warning occurs with self-comparison. Remove or fix. Example: if(x == x) {} // Warning, Expressions  
CS1719,Cant open Win32 resource occurs with invalid res files. Fix resources. Example: /win32res:corrupt.res // Error, Resources  
CS1720,Default dot warning appears with default misuse. Use default(T). Example: var x = default; // Warning, Keywords  
CS1721,No multiple inheritance occurs with multiple base classes. Use one only. Example: class C : A, B {} // Error, Inheritance  
CS1722,Base class must be first happens with out-of-order bases. List base first. Example: class C : I, B {} // Error, Inheritance  
CS1723,XML bad typevar occurs with invalid typeparam refs. Fix cref. Example: /// <see cref="T"/> // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1725,Friend assembly bad args occurs with invalid InternalsVisibleTo. Fix name. Example: [assembly: InternalsVisibleTo("")] // Error, Assemblies  
CS1726,Friend assembly strong name required happens with unsigned friend. Sign assembly. Example: [assembly: InternalsVisibleTo("Unsigned")] // Error, Assemblies  
CS1728,Delegate on nullable occurs with delegates on Nullable<T>. Remove delegate. Example: delegate void D(Nullable<int> x); // Error, Delegates  
CS1729,Bad constructor arg count happens with incorrect ctor args. Match params. Example: new string('a', 'b'); // Error, Object Creation  
CS1730,Global attributes not first occurs with attributes after code. Move to top. Example: class C {} [assembly:Attr] // Error, Attributes  
CS1733,Expression expected happens with missing expressions. Add value. Example: var x = ; // Error, Expressions  
CS1734,XML unmatched paramref occurs with undocumented params. Add or remove. Example: /// <paramref name="missing"/> void M(int x) {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1735,XML unmatched typeparamref happens with undocumented typeparams. Add or remove. Example: /// <typeparamref name="Missing"/> class C<T> {} // Warning, XML Documentation  
CS1736,Default value must be constant occurs with non-constant defaults. Use constants. Example: void M(int x = DateTime.Now.Second) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1737,Default before required happens with optional before required. Reorder params. Example: void M(int x = 1, int y) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1738,Named args before positional occurs with wrong order. Put positional first. Example: M(y:1, 2); // Error, Method Invocation  
CS1739,Bad named argument occurs with invalid names. Use correct name. Example: void M(int x) {} M(y:1); // Error, Method Invocation  
CS1740,Duplicate named argument happens with repeated names. Remove duplicate. Example: void M(int x) {} M(x:1, x:2); // Error, Method Invocation  
CS1741,Ref/out default value occurs with ref/out defaults. Remove default. Example: void M(ref int x = 1) {} // Error, Parameters  
CS1742,Named argument for array happens with array params. Use positional. Example: void M(params int[] x) {} M(x:1); // Error, Parameters  
CS1743,Default value for extension parameter occurs with extension defaults. Remove default. Example: static void M(this int x = 0) {} // Error, Extension Methods  
CS1744,Named argument in positional occurs with mixed styles. Use one style. Example: void M(int x, int y) {} M(1, y:2); // Error, Method Invocation  
CS1745,Default value with attributes happens with attribute defaults. Remove default. Example: [Attr(Default = 1)] // Error, Attributes  
CS1746,Bad named argument for delegate occurs with invalid invoke params. Use correct name. Example: Action<int> a = (x) => {}; a(y:1); // Error, Delegates  
CS1747,PIA assembly missing attribute occurs without primary interop. Add attribute. Example: (COM context) // Error, COM Interop  
CS1748,No canonical view occurs with COM type issues. Fix COM types. Example: (COM context) // Error, COM Interop
CS1750,This error occurs when there is no conversion for a default parameter. Ensure the default value matches the parameter type. Use explicit casting if needed. Avoid using complex expressions as default values. Provide a valid constant expression. Example: void Method(int x = 1) {}. ,Parameters
CS1751,This error occurs when a default value is provided for a params parameter. Remove the default value from params parameters. Params parameters must be the last parameter. They cannot have default values. Use regular parameters if defaults are needed. Example: void Method(params int[] values) {}. ,Parameters
CS1752,This error occurs when NewCoClass attribute is used on a linked type. Remove the NewCoClass attribute from linked types. Use it only on primary interop assemblies. Ensure proper COM interop setup. Verify type library imports. Example: [ComImport, Guid(...)] interface I {}. ,COM Interop
CS1754,This error occurs when a nested type cannot be used in PIA. Avoid using nested types in PIAs. Flatten the type hierarchy if possible. Use top-level types for COM interop. Ensure proper accessibility. Example: public class Outer { public class Nested {}}. ,COM Interop
CS1756,This error occurs when an interop type is missing required attributes. Add necessary COM attributes like Guid or ComImport. Verify type library imports. Ensure proper interface definitions. Check base type attributes. Example: [ComImport, Guid(...)] interface I {}. ,COM Interop
CS1757,This error occurs when an interop struct contains methods. Remove methods from interop structs. Use only fields in COM structs. Consider using classes instead. Verify marshaling requirements. Example: [StructLayout(...)] struct S { int field; }. ,COM Interop
CS1758,This error occurs when interop types have same name and GUID. Ensure unique GUIDs for each type. Rename conflicting types if needed. Verify type library imports. Check for duplicate definitions. Example: [Guid("new-guid-here")] interface I {}. ,COM Interop
CS1759,This error occurs when PIA assembly is missing required attributes. Add missing assembly level attributes. Include PrimaryInteropAssemblyAttribute. Set proper assembly version. Ensure correct COM visibility. Example: [assembly: PrimaryInteropAssembly(...)]. ,COM Interop
CS1760,This error occurs when assembly is specified for both link and reference. Choose either linking or referencing. Remove duplicate assembly specification. Verify project references. Check command line options. Example: csc /link:lib.dll /reference:lib.dll. ,Assembly References
CS1761,This error occurs when local type names clash. Rename conflicting types. Use namespaces to avoid collisions. Ensure unique type names. Consider partial classes. Example: class LocalType {} in multiple files. ,Type System
CS1763,This error occurs when non-nullable reference has default parameter. Add nullable annotation or remove default. Use nullable reference types properly. Provide non-null default if needed. Example: void Method(string s = "") {}. ,Nullable References
CS1764,This error occurs when fixed buffer is used in lambda. Move fixed buffer outside lambda. Use regular arrays instead. Avoid capturing fixed buffers. Restructure code if needed. Example: fixed int buffer[10]; Action a = () => buffer[0] = 1;. ,Unsafe Code
CS1766,This error occurs when source interface is missing a method. Implement all interface methods. Verify COM interface definitions. Check base interfaces. Ensure proper method signatures. Example: interface ISource { void Method(); }. ,COM Interop
CS1767,This error occurs when source interface is missing. Define the required source interface. Implement all COM interfaces. Verify type library imports. Check interface inheritance. Example: [ComImport] interface ISource {}. ,COM Interop
CS1768,This error occurs when generics are used in NoPIA type. Avoid generics in COM visible types. Use specific types instead. Mark types as non-COM visible if needed. Example: [ComVisible(false)] class G<T> {}. ,COM Interop
CS1769,This error occurs when generics are used across assemblies. Avoid exposing generic types to COM. Use specific type parameters. Consider interface adaptation. Example: class G<T> { } in PIAs. ,COM Interop
CS1770,This error occurs when no conversion for nullable default parameter. Provide valid nullable default value. Use explicit cast if needed. Avoid complex expressions. Example: void Method(int? x = 1) {}. ,Nullable Types
CS1773,This error occurs when invalid subsystem version is specified. Use valid Windows version numbers. Check subsystem requirements. Verify platform target. Example: csc /subsystemversion:6.00. ,Compiler Options
CS1774,This error occurs when interop method has body. Remove method bodies from COM interfaces. Use abstract methods instead. Verify interface definitions. Example: [ComImport] interface I { void M() { } }. ,COM Interop
CS1900,This error occurs when invalid warning level is specified. Use warning level between 0-4. Check compiler options. Verify command line syntax. Example: csc /warn:5. ,Compiler Options
CS1902,This error occurs when invalid debug type is specified. Use valid debug types like full or pdbonly. Check compiler options. Verify project settings. Example: csc /debug:invalid. ,Compiler Options
CS1908,This error occurs when default value type doesn't match parameter. Ensure default matches parameter type. Use explicit casting if needed. Example: void Method(int x = 1L) {}. ,Parameters
CS1910,This error occurs when default value has bad type. Provide constant of correct type. Avoid complex expressions. Use simple literals. Example: void Method(DateTime d = default). ,Parameters
CS1912,This error occurs when member is already initialized. Remove duplicate initializer. Check object initializers. Verify collection initializers. Example: new X { Prop = 1, Prop = 2 }. ,Object Initializers
CS1913,This error occurs when member cannot be initialized. Check member accessibility. Use settable properties. Avoid readonly fields. Example: new X { readonlyField = 1 }. ,Object Initializers
CS1914,This error occurs when static member is in object initializer. Remove static member initializer. Use instance members only. Example: new X { StaticProp = 1 }. ,Object Initializers
CS1917,This error occurs when readonly value type is in initializer. Make field writable or use constructor. Avoid readonly in struct initializers. Example: new S { readonlyField = 1 }. ,Object Initializers
CS1918,This error occurs when value type property is in initializer. Use reference types for properties. Avoid struct properties in initializers. Example: new X { StructProp = default }. ,Object Initializers
CS1919,This error occurs when unsafe type is in object creation. Mark code as unsafe or change types. Example: new X { ptrField = null }. ,Unsafe Code
CS1920,This error occurs when empty element initializer is used. Provide at least one element. Check collection initializers. Example: new List<int> { }. ,Collection Initializers
CS1921,This error occurs when initializer add has wrong signature. Implement proper Add method. Match parameter types. Example: class X { void Add(string s) {} } new X { 1 }. ,Collection Initializers
CS1922,This error occurs when collection doesn't implement IEnumerable. Implement IEnumerable for initializers. Add required interface. Example: new NonEnumerable { 1 }. ,Collection Initializers
CS1926,This error occurs when Win32 manifest cannot be opened. Check file path and permissions. Verify manifest exists. Example: csc /win32manifest:missing.xml. ,Manifests
CS1929,This error occurs when bad instance argument type is used. Provide correct type for extension. Match method signature. Example: "s".Extension(1). ,Extension Methods
CS1930,This error occurs when duplicate range variable is used. Rename conflicting variables. Use unique names in queries. Example: from x in xs from x in ys. ,LINQ
CS1931,This error occurs when range variable overrides another. Rename conflicting variables. Avoid shadowing. Example: from x in xs let x = 1. ,LINQ
CS1932,This error occurs when range variable gets bad value. Assign compatible types. Check query expressions. Example: from int x in "string". ,LINQ
CS1934,This error occurs when no query provider is found. Implement IQueryable properly. Include required assemblies. Example: from x in customSource. ,LINQ
CS1935,This error occurs when no standard query provider is found. Reference System.Linq assembly. Implement IEnumerable. Example: from x in nonEnumerable. ,LINQ
CS1936,This error occurs when no query provider is available. Check data source type. Implement required interfaces. Example: from x in 123. ,LINQ
CS1937,This error occurs when outer key is invalid in join. Provide valid key selector. Match join types. Example: join x in xs on 1 equals "a". ,LINQ
CS1938,This error occurs when inner key is invalid in join. Provide valid key selector. Match join types. Example: join x in xs on "a" equals 1. ,LINQ
CS1939,This error occurs when out/ref is used in range variable. Remove out/ref modifiers. Use regular variables. Example: from out int x in xs. ,LINQ
CS1940,This error occurs when multiple query providers exist. Disambiguate with cast or AsEnumerable. Example: from x in ambiguousSource. ,LINQ
CS1941,This error occurs when query type inference fails. Provide explicit types. Check lambda expressions. Example: from x in xs select x.Unknown(). ,LINQ
CS1942,This error occurs when query type inference fails. Provide explicit types. Check lambda return types. Example: from x in xs select ()=>x. ,LINQ
CS1943,This error occurs when SelectMany type inference fails. Provide explicit types. Check collection types. Example: from x in xs from y in x. ,LINQ
CS1944,This error occurs when pointer op is in expression tree. Remove unsafe code. Use managed alternatives. Example: Expression.Add(Expression.Constant(1), ptr). ,Expression Trees
CS1945,This error occurs when anonymous method is in expression tree. Use lambda instead. Avoid statement bodies. Example: Expression.Constant(delegate{}). ,Expression Trees
CS1946,This error occurs when converting anonymous method to expression tree. Use lambda expression instead. Example: Expression<Func<int>>(delegate{return 1;}). ,Expression Trees
CS1947,This error occurs when range variable is readonly. Remove assignments to range variable. Example: from x in xs select x = 1. ,LINQ
CS1948,This error occurs when range variable matches type parameter. Rename to avoid conflict. Example: class C<T> { void M() { from T in xs }. ,LINQ
CS1949,This error occurs when type var is not found for range variable. Provide valid type parameter. Check scope. Example: from T in xs where T is int. ,LINQ
CS1950,This error occurs when bad arg types are used for collection Add. Implement proper Add method. Example: new X { "a", 1 }. ,Collection Initializers
CS1951,This error occurs when byref parameter is in expression tree. Remove ref/out parameters. Example: Expression.Call(m, Expression.Parameter(typeof(int).MakeByRefType())). ,Expression Trees
CS1952,This error occurs when varargs are used in expression tree. Avoid __arglist in lambdas. Example: Expression.Call(m, Expression.Constant(__arglist)). ,Expression Trees
CS1954,This error occurs when initializer Add has param modifiers. Remove ref/out from Add method. Example: class X { void Add(ref int x) {} } new X { 1 }. ,Collection Initializers
CS1955,This error occurs when non-invocable member is called. Check member is method/delegate. Example: "s".Length(). ,Member Access
CS1958,This error occurs when delegate creation is in object initializer. Separate delegate creation. Example: new X { Event = delegate{} }. ,Object Initializers
CS1959,This error occurs when invalid constant type is declared. Use primitive or enum types. Example: const X x = null. ,Constants
CS1960,This error occurs when illegal variance syntax is used. Use valid in/out keywords. Example: delegate void D<in T>(out T x). ,Generics
CS1961,This error occurs when unexpected variance is used. Check interface/constraints. Example: interface I<in T> { T M(); }. ,Generics
CS1962,This error occurs when dynamic is used in typeof. Use actual type instead. Example: typeof(dynamic). ,Dynamic
CS1963,This error occurs when dynamic operation is in expression tree. Avoid dynamic in expression trees. Example: Expression.Dynamic(...). ,Expression Trees
CS1964,This error occurs when bad dynamic conversion exists. Provide explicit conversion. Example: dynamic d = 1; long l = d. ,Dynamic
CS1965,This error occurs when deriving from dynamic. Dynamic cannot be base type. Example: class C : dynamic {}. ,Dynamic
CS1966,This error occurs when deriving from constructed dynamic. Avoid dynamic in inheritance. Example: class C : List<dynamic> {}. ,Dynamic
CS1967,This error occurs when dynamic type is used as constraint. Use class/struct instead. Example: where T : dynamic. ,Generics
CS1968,This error occurs when constructed dynamic is bound. Avoid dynamic in constraints. Example: where T : List<dynamic>. ,Generics
CS1969,This error occurs when dynamic required types are missing. Reference System.Core assembly. Example: using dynamic without references. ,Dynamic
CS1970,This error occurs when explicit DynamicAttribute is used. Let compiler handle it. Example: [Dynamic] object o. ,Dynamic
CS1971,This error occurs when no dynamic phantom on base. Implement required interface. Example: class C : dynamic {}. ,Dynamic
CS1972,This error occurs when no dynamic phantom on base indexer. Implement indexer properly. Example: class C : dynamic { this[int i] => null; }. ,Dynamic
CS1973,This error occurs when bad arg type is in dynamic extension. Provide static receiver. Example: dynamic d; d.Extension(). ,Extension Methods
CS1975,This error occurs when no dynamic phantom on base ctor. Implement required constructor. Example: class C : dynamic { C() {} }. ,Dynamic
CS1976,This error occurs when bad method arg is method group. Provide explicit delegate. Example: dynamic d; d.M(ToString). ,Dynamic
CS1977,This error occurs when bad method arg is lambda. Convert to delegate first. Example: dynamic d; d.M(()=>1). ,Dynamic
CS1978,This error occurs when bad method arg is used. Provide valid argument. Example: dynamic d; d.M(ref 1). ,Dynamic
CS1979,This error occurs when bad dynamic query exists. Use standard LINQ syntax. Example: dynamic d; from x in d select x. ,Dynamic
CS1980,This error occurs when DynamicAttribute is missing. Let compiler handle it. Example: dynamic without proper attribute. ,Dynamic
CS1983,This error occurs when async has bad return type. Use Task/Task<T>/void. Example: async int M() {}. ,Async
CS1984,This error occurs when await is in finally. Restructure code to avoid. Example: try {} finally { await t; }. ,Async
CS1985,This error occurs when await is in catch. Restructure code to avoid. Example: try {} catch { await t; }. ,Async
CS1986,This error occurs when await arg is invalid. Provide awaitable expression. Example: await 1. ,Async
CS1988,This error occurs when async arg type is invalid. Use Task/Task<T>/void. Example: async X M() {}. ,Async
CS1989,This error occurs when async is in expression tree. Avoid async in expression trees. Example: Expression<Func<Task>>(()=>async ()=>1). ,Expression Trees
CS1992,This error occurs when await is used without async. Add async modifier. Example: void M() { await t; }. ,Async
CS1995,This error occurs when await is in query. Restructure to await whole query. Example: from x in xs await x.M(). ,Async
CS1996,This error occurs when await is in lock. Restructure code to avoid. Example: lock(o) { await t; }. ,Async
CS1997,This error occurs when async lacks return object. Return Task or void. Example: async Task M() { return 1; }. ,Async
CS2001,This error occurs when source file is not found. Check file path and spelling. Example: csc missing.cs. ,Compiler Options
CS2002,This error occurs when file is already included. Remove duplicate reference. Example: csc file.cs file.cs. ,Compiler Options
CS2005,This error occurs when no file is specified. Provide source files. Example: csc /out:a.exe. ,Compiler Options
CS2006,This error occurs when switch needs string. Provide quoted string value. Example: csc /reference:. ,Compiler Options
CS2007,This error occurs when bad switch is used. Check compiler options. Example: csc /unknown. ,Compiler Options
CS2008,This error occurs when no sources are provided. Add source files. Example: csc. ,Compiler Options
CS2011,This error occurs when response file cannot be opened. Check file path. Example: csc @missing.rsp. ,Compiler Options
CS2012,This error occurs when file cannot be opened for writing. Check permissions. Example: csc /out:readonly.exe. ,Compiler Options
CS2013,This error occurs when bad base number is specified. Use valid numeric base. Example: csc /baseaddress:xyz. ,Compiler Options
CS2017,This error occurs when DLL has no Main method. Add Main or change output type. Example: csc /target:exe /out:a.dll. ,Compiler Options
CS2021,This error occurs when input file name is invalid. Check file name characters. Example: csc "bad|name.cs". ,Compiler Options
CS2023,This error occurs when no config is on command line. Add /config or use IDE. Example: csc /noconfig. ,Compiler Options
CS2024,This error occurs when invalid file alignment is specified. Use power of 2. Example: csc /filealign:3. ,Compiler Options
CS2034,This error occurs when one alias per reference is needed. Remove duplicate aliases. Example: csc /alias:A=lib /alias:A=lib. ,Compiler Options
CS2035,This error occurs when switch needs number. Provide numeric value. Example: csc /debug+:. ,Compiler Options
CS2036,This error occurs when debug switch is missing. Specify /debug+ or /debug-. Example: csc /debug:full. ,Compiler Options
CS3000,This warning occurs when varargs are not CLS-compliant. Avoid __arglist. Use params instead. Example: void M(__arglist) {}. ,CLS Compliance
CS3001,This warning occurs when argument type is not CLS-compliant. Use compliant types. Example: void M(ushort x) {}. ,CLS Compliance
CS3002,This warning occurs when return type is not CLS-compliant. Use compliant types. Example: ulong M() => 0;. ,CLS Compliance
CS3003,This warning occurs when field/property type is not CLS-compliant. Use compliant types. Example: public uint Field;. ,CLS Compliance
CS3005,This warning occurs when identifier case differs only. Make names distinct. Example: class C { void M() {} void m() {} }. ,CLS Compliance
CS3006,This warning occurs when overload differs by ref/out. Make signatures distinct. Example: void M(int x) {} void M(out int x). ,CLS Compliance
CS3007,This warning occurs when overload is unnamed. Provide named overloads. Example: void M(int) {} void M(long). ,CLS Compliance
CS3008,This warning occurs when identifier is not CLS-compliant. Use ASCII names. Example: public void Méthode(). ,CLS Compliance
CS3009,This warning occurs when base type is not CLS-compliant. Derive from compliant type. Example: class C : NonCLSBase {}. ,CLS Compliance
CS3010,This warning occurs when interface member is not CLS-compliant. Implement properly. Example: interface I { void M(ushort x); }. ,CLS Compliance
CS3011,This warning occurs when abstract member is not CLS-compliant. Make concrete. Example: public abstract void M(ulong x);. ,CLS Compliance
CS3012,This warning occurs when CLS attribute is on modules. Apply to assemblies. Example: [module: CLSCompliant]. ,CLS Compliance
CS3013,This warning occurs when module is missing CLS attribute. Add assembly attribute. Example: Missing CLSCompliant attribute. ,CLS Compliance
CS3014,This warning occurs when assembly is not CLS-compliant. Add CLSCompliant attribute. Example: Missing [assembly: CLSCompliant]. ,CLS Compliance
CS3015,This warning occurs when attribute type is not CLS-compliant. Use compliant types. Example: [MyAttr(ulong.MaxValue)]. ,CLS Compliance
CS3016,This warning occurs when array is argument to attribute. Use simple constants. Example: [MyAttr(new[] {1})]. ,CLS Compliance
CS3021,This warning occurs when assembly is not CLS-compliant. Add CLSCompliant attribute. Example: Missing assembly attribute. ,CLS Compliance
CS3024,This warning occurs when type parameter is not CLS-compliant. Add constraint. Example: class C<T> where T : notcompliant. ,CLS Compliance
CS3026,This warning occurs when field is volatile but not CLS-compliant. Remove volatile. Example: public volatile uint Field;. ,CLS Compliance
CS3027,This warning occurs when interface is not CLS-compliant. Mark as non-compliant. Example: [CLSCompliant(false)] interface I {}. ,CLS Compliance
CS4001,This error occurs when await arg is invalid intrinsic. Use proper awaitable. Example: await 1.GetType(). ,Async
CS4003,This error occurs when await is used as identifier. Rename variable. Example: int await = 1;. ,Async
CS4004,This error occurs when await is in unsafe context. Mark method as async. Example: unsafe { await t; }. ,Async
CS4005,This error occurs when async arg type is unsafe. Remove unsafe types. Example: async void M(int* p) {}. ,Async
CS4006,This error occurs when varargs are used in async. Avoid __arglist in async. Example: async void M(__arglist) {}. ,Async
CS4007,This error occurs when byref and await are mixed. Avoid ref with async. Example: async void M(ref int x) { await t; }. ,Async
CS4008,This error occurs when await is used on void call. Store Task instead. Example: await M(); void M() {}. ,Async
CS4009,This error occurs when non-Task Main is async. Change return type. Example: async static int Main() {}. ,Async
CS4010,This error occurs when async anonymous function has bad return. Match delegate type. Example: Func<Task<int>> f = async ()=>1L;. ,Async
CS4011,This error occurs when await pattern is invalid. Implement awaitable properly. Example: await new BadAwaitable(). ,Async
CS4012,This error occurs when special byref parameter is bad. Avoid ref this/in. Example: void M(in int x) {}. ,Parameters
CS4013,This error occurs when special byref is in lambda. Avoid in/ref in lambdas. Example: Action a = () => M(in x);. ,Lambdas
CS4015,This error occurs when async method is synchronized. Remove MethodImpl attribute. Example: [MethodImpl(MethodImplOptions.Synchronized)] async void M() {}. ,Async
CS4016,This error occurs when async return expression is invalid. Match return type. Example: async Task<int> M() { return "s"; }. ,Async
CS4017,This error occurs when no conversion for CallerLineNumber param. Use int parameter. Example: void M([CallerLineNumber] string s). ,Attributes
CS4018,This error occurs when no conversion for CallerFilePath param. Use string parameter. Example: void M([CallerFilePath] int n). ,Attributes
CS4019,This error occurs when no conversion for CallerMemberName param. Use string parameter. Example: void M([CallerMemberName] DateTime d). ,Attributes
CS4020,This error occurs when CallerLineNumber has no default. Add default value. Example: void M([CallerLineNumber] int n). ,Attributes
CS4021,This error occurs when CallerFilePath has no default. Add default value. Example: void M([CallerFilePath] string s). ,Attributes
CS4022,This error occurs when CallerMemberName has no default. Add default value. Example: void M([CallerMemberName] string s). ,Attributes
CS4023,This error occurs when Prefer32Bit is used on lib. Remove flag for DLLs. Example: csc /target:library /platform:anycpu32bitpreferred. ,Compiler Options
CS4027,This error occurs when awaitable doesn't implement interface. Implement INotifyCompletion. Example: await new BadAwaitable(). ,Async
CS4028,This error occurs when await needs System namespace. Add using System. Example: await t without System reference. ,Async
CS4029,This error occurs when void cannot be returned. Return Task instead. Example: async Task M() { return; }. ,Async
CS4030,This error occurs when async method is security critical. Remove attribute. Example: [SecurityCritical] async void M() {}. ,Security
CS4032,This error occurs when await is used without async method. Add async modifier. Example: void M() { await t; }. ,Async
CS4033,This error occurs when await is used without void async method. Change return type. Example: int M() { await t; return 1; }. ,Async
CS4034,This error occurs when await is used without async lambda. Add async. Example: Action a = () => { await t; };. ,Async
CS5001,This error occurs when program has no entry point. Add Main method. Example: class C { }. ,Compiler Options
ErrorCode,Description,Solution,Topic
CS5001,This error occurs when program has no entry point. Add static Main method. Ensure proper signature. Check target output type. Example: class Program { static void Main() { } }. ,Compiler Options
CS7000,This error occurs when unexpected aliased name is used. Check namespace aliases. Verify using directives. Example: extern alias A; class C : A::Missing {}. ,Namespaces
CS7002,This error occurs when unexpected generic name is used. Provide type arguments. Check generic type usage. Example: class C<T> { void M() { GenericMethod(); } }. ,Generics
CS7003,This error occurs when unbound generic name is used. Provide type arguments. Complete generic type. Example: typeof(List<>). ,Generics
CS7006,This error occurs when global statement is invalid. Move code into methods. Use proper class structure. Example: Console.WriteLine(); in global space. ,Syntax
CS7007,This error occurs when bad using type is specified. Use valid namespace. Check type names. Example: using System.Nonexistent;. ,Namespaces
CS7008,This error occurs when reserved assembly name is used. Choose different name. Avoid conflicts. Example: csc /out:System.dll. ,Assemblies
CS7009,This error occurs when reference directive follows token. Place at start. Check script syntax. Example: #r "lib.dll" after code. ,Scripting
CS7010,This error occurs when expected file is missing in directive. Provide valid file path. Example: #load "missing.csx". ,Scripting
CS7011,This error occurs when reference directive is in non-script. Use regular references. Check project type. Example: #r in .cs file. ,Scripting
CS7012,This error occurs when name not found possibly missing reference. Add assembly reference. Check using directives. Example: MissingType. ,References
CS7013,This error occurs when metadata name is too long. Shorten identifier. Limit to 512 chars. Example: class VeryLongName[...1000 chars...] {}. ,Limitations
CS7014,This error occurs when attributes are not allowed. Remove attributes. Check context. Example: [Attribute] in expression. ,Attributes
CS7015,This error occurs when extern alias is not allowed. Remove directive. Check syntax. Example: extern alias in script. ,Scripting
CS7016,This error occurs when alias conflicts with definition. Rename alias. Avoid collisions. Example: extern alias A; class A {}. ,Namespaces
CS7017,This error occurs when definition expected in global space. Add class/method. Structure code properly. Example: loose statements in file. ,Syntax
CS7018,This error occurs when multiple scripts are unexpected. Combine files. Use single entry. Example: csc a.csx b.csx. ,Scripting
CS7019,This error occurs when recursively typed variable. Break circular reference. Restructure code. Example: var x = x + 1;. ,Type Inference
CS7020,This error occurs when yield is used in script. Remove yield. Use return. Example: yield return 1; in script. ,Scripting
CS7021,This error occurs when namespace is in script. Remove namespace. Use global. Example: namespace N { } in .csx. ,Scripting
CS7022,This warning occurs when Main is ignored in script. Entry point not needed. Example: static void Main() in script. ,Scripting
CS7023,This warning occurs when static is used in is/as. Remove modifier. Example: x is static C. ,Operators
CS7024,This error occurs when delegate type is invalid. Use proper delegate. Check signature. Example: delegate void D(int x = 1);. ,Delegates
CS7025,This error occurs when event type has bad visibility. Match accessibility. Example: public event InternalDelegate E;. ,Events
CS7026,This error occurs when global attributes not allowed. Remove attribute. Check scope. Example: [assembly:Attr] in script. ,Scripting
CS7027,This error occurs when public key file fails. Check file path. Verify key. Example: csc /keyfile:missing.snk. ,Signing
CS7028,This error occurs when public key container fails. Check container name. Verify CSP. Example: csc /keycontainer:missing. ,Signing
CS7029,This error occurs when friend ref signing mismatch. Match strong names. Example: [InternalsVisibleTo("Unsigned")]. ,Signing
CS7030,This error occurs when null is passed for friend assembly. Provide name. Example: [InternalsVisibleTo(null)]. ,Signing
CS7032,This error occurs when signed but no private key. Provide key file. Example: DelaySign without key. ,Signing
CS7033,This warning occurs when delay signed but no key. Add key later. Example: /delaysign+ without key. ,Signing
CS7034,This error occurs when invalid version format. Use major.minor.build.rev. Example: [assembly:Version("1.2")]. ,Assemblies
CS7035,This warning occurs when invalid version format. Fix version string. Example: [assembly:Version("x.y")]. ,Assemblies
CS7036,This error occurs when no corresponding argument exists. Add argument. Match parameters. Example: M(1,,3);. ,Parameters
CS7038,This error occurs when module emit fails. Check output path. Verify permissions. Example: csc /target:module. ,Compiler
CS7041,This error occurs when resource filename not unique. Rename resources. Example: resx same name. ,Resources
CS7042,This error occurs when DllImport on generic method. Remove generics. Example: [DllImport] T M<T>(). ,P/Invoke
CS7043,This error occurs when ENC update fails missing symbol. Recompile fully. Example: Edit method during debugging. ,Edit & Continue
CS7045,This error occurs when parameter not valid for type. Check attribute usage. Example: [Attr(InvalidParam=1)]. ,Attributes
CS7046,This error occurs when attribute parameter required. Provide value. Example: [Attr(MissingParam)]. ,Attributes
CS7047,This error occurs when two attribute parameters required. Provide both. Example: [Attr(Missing1,Missing2)]. ,Attributes
CS7048,This error occurs when security attribute missing action. Specify action. Example: [SecurityPermission]. ,Security
CS7049,This error occurs when security attribute invalid action. Use valid action. Example: [SecurityPermission(99)]. ,Security
CS7050,This error occurs when security action invalid for assembly. Change scope. Example: [assembly:SecurityAction.Demand]. ,Security
CS7051,This error occurs when security action invalid for type/method. Change scope. Example: [SecurityAction.RequestMinimum]. ,Security
CS7052,This error occurs when PrincipalPermission invalid action. Use Demand only. Example: [PrincipalPermission(SecurityAction.Assert)]. ,Security
CS7053,This error occurs when feature invalid in expression tree. Remove feature. Example: Expression.New(typeof(MyDelegate)). ,Expression Trees
CS7054,This error occurs when MarshalAs invalid for fields. Change unmanaged type. Example: [MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.Interface)] field. ,Interop
CS7055,This error occurs when MarshalAs only valid for fields. Remove attribute. Example: [MarshalAs] on method. ,Interop
CS7056,This error occurs when invalid permission set file. Check XML format. Example: [PermissionSet("bad.xml")]. ,Security
CS7057,This error occurs when permission set file read fails. Check file access. Example: [PermissionSet("missing.xml")]. ,Security
CS7058,This error occurs when invalid version format. Use four parts. Example: [assembly:AssemblyVersion("1.2")]. ,Assemblies
CS7059,This error occurs when invalid culture for EXE. Use neutral culture. Example: [assembly:AssemblyCulture("en")] for EXE. ,Assemblies
CS7061,This error occurs when duplicate attribute in netmodule. Remove duplicate. Example: [assembly:Attr] in multiple files. ,Modules
CS7064,This error occurs when icon cannot be opened. Check file path. Example: csc /win32icon:missing.ico. ,Resources
CS7065,This error occurs when Win32 resources fail. Check .res file. Example: csc /win32res:bad.res. ,Resources
CS7067,This error occurs when attribute param default invalid. Use constant. Example: [Attr(Param = DateTime.Now)]. ,Attributes
CS7068,This error occurs when type missing in source. Define type. Example: [MissingType] class C {}. ,Types
CS7069,This error occurs when type missing in assembly. Add reference. Example: Type.GetType("Missing"). ,Reflection
CS7070,This error occurs when a security attribute is applied to an invalid target. The attribute might be designed for methods but is being applied to a class. Verify the attribute's valid targets and apply it correctly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check attribute usage documentation 2) Apply only to valid targets 3) Use correct attribute syntax 4) Verify compiler version supports the attribute 5) Consider alternative attributes if needed. Example: [SecurityCritical] on a method not class.,Attributes
CS7071,This error happens when an invalid assembly name is provided. The name might contain illegal characters or be too long. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use only alphanumeric characters 2) Keep names under 256 chars 3) Avoid special characters 4) Use meaningful names 5) Verify with AssemblyName.GetAssemblyName(). Example: "MyAssembly1" not "My Assembly@1",Assemblies
CS7079,This error indicates the compiler cannot find a type definition from a module reference. The module might be missing or corrupted. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Verify module exists 2) Check reference paths 3) Rebuild dependencies 4) Clean solution 5) Use full qualified names. Example: Ensure module is properly referenced in project.,Modules
CS7080,This warning occurs when CallerFilePath is preferred over CallerMemberName. The attributes might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use only one attribute 2) Check logging needs 3) Review call sites 4) Be explicit when needed 5) Consider consistency. Example: Use [CallerMemberName] for method names.,Attributes
CS7081,This warning happens when CallerLineNumber is preferred over CallerMemberName. The attributes serve different purposes. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Choose appropriate attribute 2) Check diagnostic needs 3) Avoid mixing attributes 4) Review code context 5) Document usage. Example: Line numbers for debugging member names for logging.,Attributes
CS7082,This warning indicates CallerLineNumber is preferred over CallerFilePath. File paths might be less precise. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Favor line numbers 2) Check error reporting needs 3) Use consistent approach 4) Review team standards 5) Document choices. Example: Prefer line numbers for pinpointing issues.,Attributes
CS7083,This error occurs when an invalid dynamic condition is used. The condition might mix incompatible types. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check condition types 2) Avoid dynamic in conditions 3) Use explicit casting 4) Simplify conditions 5) Add null checks. Example: if(dynamicVar is int) not if(dynamicVar).,Dynamic Types
CS7084,This error happens when a WinRT event is passed by reference. WinRT events must be used directly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref keyword 2) Use event directly 3) Check WinRT documentation 4) Avoid passing events 5) Use event handlers instead. Example: event += handler not ref event.,WinRT Interop
CS7086,This error indicates a .NET module name mismatch between references. The modules might be different versions. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Verify module versions 2) Update references 3) Clean solution 4) Check binding redirects 5) Rebuild all. Example: Ensure all projects use same module version.,Modules
CS7087,This error occurs when an invalid module name is provided. The name might be empty or malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Provide valid name 2) Avoid special chars 3) Check naming rules 4) Use full paths if needed 5) Verify permissions. Example: "MyModule.netmodule" not "My Module",Modules
CS7088,This error happens when a bad compilation option value is provided. The value might be out of range. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check option syntax 2) Verify valid values 3) Update compiler 4) Review documentation 5) Simplify options. Example: Use /optimize+ not /optimize:true,Compiler Options
CS7089,This error indicates a bad application config file path. The path might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Verify path exists 2) Check permissions 3) Use absolute paths 4) Escape special chars 5) Simplify path. Example: @"C:\config\app.config" not "C:\config\app*.config",Configuration
CS7091,This error occurs when a command line option conflicts with source code. The option might override code settings. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check for duplicates 2) Remove conflicting option 3) Standardize settings 4) Clean rebuild 5) Review docs. Example: Don't mix /debug+ with #pragma checksum.,Compiler Options
CS7092,This error happens when a fixed buffer has too many dimensions. Fixed buffers are limited to single dimension. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use single dimension 2) Consider arrays 3) Check buffer size 4) Review unsafe code 5) Simplify design. Example: fixed int buffer[10] not fixed int buffer[10,10],Unsafe Code
CS7093,This error occurs when config file cannot be read. The file might be locked or corrupted. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check file permissions 2) Verify file integrity 3) Use full paths 4) Handle exceptions 5) Simplify config. Example: Ensure app.config is accessible.,Configuration
CS7094,This error indicates an invalid await in catch filter. Async operations aren't allowed in filters. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move await out of filter 2) Use regular catch 3) Log exception first 4) Restructure logic 5) Consider Task.Exception. Example: catch when(Filter()) not catch when(await FilterAsync()),Async/Await
CS7095,This warning indicates filter is constant true. The catch block will always execute. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if unneeded 2) Add real condition 3) Review exception handling 4) Simplify logic 5) Document purpose. Example: catch when(true) is redundant.,Exception Handling
CS7096,This error occurs when no PIA reference is found for embedded interop. The PIA might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add PIA reference 2) Check Embed Interop 3) Verify registry 4) Reinstall component 5) Use direct DLL. Example: Add Office PIA reference.,Interop
CS7099,This error happens when metadata references aren't supported. The compilation might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check reference types 2) Use proper assemblies 3) Verify project setup 4) Clean solution 5) Review dependencies. Example: Don't reference .netmodule directly.,Compilation
CS7100,This error indicates invalid assembly culture. The culture string might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use valid culture names 2) Check format 3) Review assembly info 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify outputs. Example: "en-US" not "english",Assemblies
CS7101,This error occurs when reference to added member in ENC. Edit and Continue has limitations. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Restart debugging 2) Avoid certain edits 3) Check ENC docs 4) Simplify changes 5) Use full rebuild. Example: Don't add methods that affect semantics.,Debugging
CS7102,This error happens when mutually exclusive options are used. The switches might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Review all options 2) Remove conflicts 3) Check documentation 4) Simplify configuration 5) Verify combinations. Example: /debug and /optimize can conflict.,Compiler Options
CS8001,This warning indicates an unimplemented command line switch. The switch might be for future versions. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove unused switch 2) Update compiler 3) Check documentation 4) Verify spelling 5) Use supported options. Example: Don't use experimental switches in production.,Compiler Options
CS8002,This warning happens when a referenced assembly lacks strong name. This might cause loading issues. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use strong-named assemblies 2) Consider delay signing 3) Check dependencies 4) Review security 5) Rebuild if needed. Example: sn -k key.snk then /keyfile:key.snk,Strong Naming
CS8003,This error indicates an invalid signature public key. The key might be corrupted. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Verify key file 2) Regenerate key 3) Check encoding 4) Review signing process 5) Test with sn.exe. Example: Ensure key file isn't modified after creation.,Strong Naming
CS8004,This error occurs when exported type conflicts with declaration. The types might duplicate. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check type names 2) Remove duplicates 3) Use namespaces 4) Review references 5) Clean outputs. Example: Unique type names per assembly.,Type System
CS8005,This error happens when exported types conflict. Multiple types might have same identity. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check type identities 2) Use unique names 3) Review visibility 4) Clean solution 5) Verify metadata. Example: Avoid same full names in different files.,Type System
CS8006,This error indicates forwarded type conflicts with declaration. The type might be defined twice. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check TypeForwardedTo 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify outputs. Example: Don't both define and forward type.,Type System
CS8007,This error occurs when forwarded types conflict. Multiple forwards might exist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check all forwards 2) Remove duplicates 3) Verify targets 4) Review dependencies 5) Clean solution. Example: Forward to single definitive assembly.,Type System
CS8008,This error happens when forwarded type conflicts with exported type. The type might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve ambiguity 2) Choose one location 3) Check references 4) Review design 5) Clean rebuild. Example: Either forward or define not both.,Type System
CS8009,This warning indicates reference culture mismatch. The satellite assemblies might not match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check all cultures 2) Verify resources 3) Review build process 4) Clean outputs 5) Test localization. Example: Ensure main and satellite assemblies align.,Localization
CS8011,This error occurs when conflicting machine module exists. The targets might be incompatible. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check platform targets 2) Make consistent 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify outputs. Example: All modules should target same platform.,Platform Targeting
CS8012,This warning indicates conflicting machine assembly. The platform targets might differ. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Standardize targets 2) Check all projects 3) Review dependencies 4) Clean solution 5) Verify behavior. Example: Use same /platform for all.,Platform Targeting
CS8014,This error happens when missing .NET module reference. The required module might be absent. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add missing reference 2) Check paths 3) Verify builds 4) Clean solution 5) Review outputs. Example: Reference all needed .netmodules.,Modules
CS8016,This error indicates unsupported transparent identifier access. The LINQ query might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Rewrite query 2) Split operations 3) Check LINQ syntax 4) Review intermediate results 5) Simplify approach. Example: Avoid nested transparent identifiers.,LINQ
CS8017,This error occurs when parameter default value differs from attribute. The declarations might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Make values consistent 2) Check attributes 3) Review parameters 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify behavior. Example: Default values in code and attributes should match.,Attributes
CS8018,This warning indicates unqualified nested type in cref. The documentation might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use fully qualified names 2) Check type visibility 3) Review docs 4) Verify output 5) Consider simplicity. Example: <see cref="Outer.Inner"/> not <see cref="Inner"/>,XML Documentation
CS8019,This warning reports unused using directive. The namespace might be unnecessary. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if unused 2) Organize usings 3) Check for needs 4) Review regularly 5) Enable cleanup. Example: Remove unused System.Collections.,Namespaces
CS8020,This warning indicates unused extern alias. The alias might be obsolete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if unused 2) Check references 3) Verify needs 4) Review conflicts 5) Clean solution. Example: Remove extern alias that's not referenced.,Namespaces
CS8022,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 1. The code might be too modern. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check language version 2) Rewrite code 3) Update project 4) Use alternatives 5) Set /langversion. Example: Use simple features for C# 1.,Language Version
CS8023,This error happens when feature not available in C# 2. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Generics need C# 2+,Language Version
CS8024,This error indicates feature not available in C# 3. The syntax might be unsupported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check version requirements 2) Rewrite code 3) Update project 4) Use classic syntax 5) Verify compatibility. Example: Lambda expressions need C# 3+,Language Version
CS8025,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 4. The functionality might be newer. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check language version 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Set /langversion. Example: Dynamic binding needs C# 4+,Language Version
CS8026,This error happens when feature not available in C# 5. The version might be insufficient. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check compiler version 2) Rewrite code 3) Update project 4) Use alternatives 5) Verify async needs. Example: Async/await needs C# 5+,Language Version
CS8027,This error indicates field has multiple distinct constant values. The field might be redefined. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check all definitions 2) Remove duplicates 3) Make consistent 4) Review partial classes 5) Clean rebuild. Example: const int X = 1 in multiple places.,Constants
CS8028,This error occurs when ComImport type has initializers. COM types can't have instance fields. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove initializers 2) Check ComImport usage 3) Review interop needs 4) Use constructor 5) Simplify design. Example: Remove field initializers in COM types.,COM Interop
CS8029,This warning indicates PDB local name too long. The debug info might be truncated. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Shorten names 2) Check limits 3) Review symbols 4) Simplify code 5) Verify debugging. Example: Use concise variable names.,Debugging
CS8030,This error happens when lambda returns void but needs value. The return types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check lambda return 2) Add return value 3) Match delegate type 4) Review usage 5) Simplify expression. Example: () => 42 not () => Console.WriteLine(),Lambdas
CS8031,This error indicates task-returning lambda needs value. The async lambda might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add return in lambda 2) Check Task type 3) Match delegate 4) Review async usage 5) Verify needs. Example: async () => await Task.FromResult(0),Async Lambdas
CS8032,This warning reports analyzer cannot be created. The analyzer might be broken. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer code 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review exceptions 4) Test separately 5) Contact author. Example: Fix analyzer constructor errors.,Analyzers
CS8033,This warning indicates no analyzer in assembly. The DLL might be empty. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check assembly content 2) Verify build 3) Review references 4) Test analyzer 5) Rebuild if needed. Example: Ensure analyzer exports DiagnosticAnalyzer.,Analyzers
CS8034,This warning happens when unable to load analyzer. The assembly might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer DLL 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review loading code 4) Test isolation 5) Contact author. Example: Ensure all analyzer dependencies exist.,Analyzers
CS8035,This error occurs when ruleset file cannot be read. The file might be corrupted. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check file integrity 2) Verify permissions 3) Use valid XML 4) Review path 5) Simplify rules. Example: Ensure .ruleset file is valid XML.,Code Analysis
CS8036,This error indicates bad PDB data. The debug info might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Clean rebuild 2) Check debug options 3) Verify compiler 4) Review symbols 5) Test different settings. Example: Delete old PDBs and rebuild.,Debugging
CS8040,This info message reports unable to load some analyzer types. The analyzer might be partial. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer types 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review loading 4) Test isolation 5) Contact author. Example: Some analyzer types may fail to load.,Analyzers
CS8053,This error occurs when instance property initializer in interface. Interfaces can't have instance initializers. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove initializer 2) Use abstract class 3) Check C# version 4) Review design 5) Implement elsewhere. Example: Interfaces can't have field-like properties.,Interfaces
CS8054,This error indicates enum contains default constructor. Enums can't have explicit constructors. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove constructor 2) Use static methods 3) Check enum usage 4) Review needs 5) Consider alternatives. Example: Enums can't have constructors.,Enums
CS8055,This error happens when syntax tree lacks encoding. The source text might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify encoding 2) Check file format 3) Verify sources 4) Review loading 5) Handle exceptions. Example: Use Encoding.UTF8 for source files.,Compilation
CS8059,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 6. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Null propagation needs C# 6+,Language Version
CS8070,This error indicates switch falls through without break. Cases might unintentionally combine. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add break/return 2) Use goto case 3) Check all paths 4) Review logic 5) Enable warnings. Example: case 1: DoSomething(); break;,Switch Statements
CS8073,This warning reports expression is constant bool. The condition might be redundant. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if constant 2) Simplify logic 3) Check conditions 4) Review needs 5) Document if intentional. Example: if(true) is redundant.,Expressions
CS8074,This error occurs when dictionary initializer in expression tree. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular initialization 2) Move outside tree 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use { {k,v} } in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8075,This error happens when extension collection initializer in expression tree. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular initialization 2) Move outside tree 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify design 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use Add in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8078,This error indicates insufficient stack space. The recursion might be too deep. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reduce recursion 2) Increase stack 3) Use iteration 4) Check algorithms 5) Review needs. Example: Convert recursive to iterative.,Stack Management
CS8079,This error occurs when use-def violation in property. The access might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check property access 2) Verify initialization 3) Review order 4) Simplify design 5) Add null checks. Example: Ensure property is initialized before use.,Properties
CS8080,This error indicates auto property must override set. The override might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add set accessor 2) Make read-only 3) Check base property 4) Review needs 5) Implement fully. Example: override int X { get; set; },Properties
CS8081,This error happens when expression has no name. The nameof argument might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check expression 2) Use valid identifier 3) Review nameof usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(MyClass) not nameof(1+1),Expressions
CS8082,This error indicates subexpression not in nameof. The scope might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to nameof 2) Check expression 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(obj.Property) not obj.nameof(Property),Expressions
CS8083,This error occurs when alias qualified name not expression. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check alias usage 2) Use in proper context 3) Review qualification 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: global::System not as expression.,Namespaces
CS8084,This error happens when nameof used on method group with type parameters. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove type args 2) Check method name 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(MyMethod) not nameof(MyMethod<int>),Expressions
CS8085,This error indicates no alias exists in current context. The alias might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Define alias 2) Check using directives 3) Review scope 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: using MyAlias = System.IO; before use.,Namespaces
CS8086,This error occurs when unescaped curly in interpolated string. The braces might be unbalanced. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Escape with double curlies 2) Check all braces 3) Review string 4) Simplify if needed 5) Use verbatim. Example: $\"{{value}}\" for literal curly.,Strings
CS8087,This error happens when escaped curly appears unnecessarily. The escaping might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove extra escape 2) Check context 3) Review string 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"value\" not $\"{value}\" when no interpolation.,Strings
CS8088,This error indicates trailing whitespace in format specifier. The format might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove whitespace 2) Check format string 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"{value:N0}\" not $\"{value:N0 }\",String Formatting
CS8089,This error occurs when empty format specifier exists. The interpolation might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add format 2) Remove specifier 3) Check syntax 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"{value}\" not $\"{value:}\",String Formatting
CS8090,This error indicates error in referenced assembly. The dependency might be broken. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check reference 2) Rebuild dependency 3) Verify version 4) Clean solution 5) Review errors. Example: Fix errors in referenced project.,Assemblies
CS8091,This error happens when extern has constructor initializer. Extern methods can't have bodies. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove initializer 2) Check extern usage 3) Review needs 4) Implement properly 5) Verify DllImport. Example: extern without => or { }.,P/Invoke
CS8092,This error indicates expression or declaration expected. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add valid expression 2) Check syntax 3) Review context 4) Complete statement 5) Verify needs. Example: Add proper expression after =.,Syntax
CS8093,This error occurs when nameof used on extension method. This gives declaring type name. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check expected result 2) Use declaring type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(Enumerable.Select) gives "Select",Extensions
CS8094,This warning reports alignment magnitude in struct. The packing might be inefficient. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check StructLayout 2) Review alignment 3) Consider packing 4) Verify performance 5) Document if intentional. Example: [StructLayout(LayoutKind.Sequential, Pack=4],Structs
CS8095,This error indicates constant string too long. The string might exceed limits. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Shorten string 2) Split into parts 3) Check limits 4) Load from resource 5) Review needs. Example: Keep strings under 1MB in source.,Strings
CS8096,This error occurs when debug entry point isn't source method. The startup might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check Main method 2) Verify source 3) Review project 4) Clean rebuild 5) Set proper entry. Example: Ensure Main is in source not generated.,Debugging
CS8097,This error happens when #load directive used outside script. The directive is script-only. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to script 2) Use regular code 3) Check context 4) Review needs 5) Verify usage. Example: #load only in .csx files.,Scripting
CS8098,This error indicates #load follows token. The directive must be at start. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move #load to top 2) Check syntax 3) Review script 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: #load must precede code.,Scripting
CS8099,This error occurs when source file references not supported. The project might be misconfigured. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check project type 2) Verify references 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Use proper references. Example: Don't reference .cs files directly.,Projects
CS8100,This error happens when bad await in static variable initializer. Async isn't allowed here. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to static constructor 2) Make non-static 3) Check initialization 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: Use static constructor for async init.,Static Initialization
CS8101,This error indicates invalid path map. The mapping might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check path format 2) Verify mappings 3) Review /pathmap 4) Clean rebuild 5) Simplify approach. Example: /pathmap:key=value pairs must be valid.,Compiler Options
CS8102,This error occurs when public signing but no key provided. The strong naming might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add /keyfile 2) Check signing 3) Review options 4) Verify needs 5) Use proper key. Example: /publicsign needs /keyfile.,Strong Naming
CS8103,This error indicates too many user strings in assembly. The metadata might overflow. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reduce strings 2) Split assembly 3) Check resources 4) Review usage 5) Simplify design. Example: Move strings to resources.,Assemblies
CS8104,This error happens when PE writing fails. The output might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check disk space 2) Verify permissions 3) Review output 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test different options. Example: Ensure output directory is writable.,Assembly Generation
CS8105,This warning reports attribute ignored when public signing. The attribute might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check signing approach 2) Remove if unneeded 3) Review attributes 4) Verify behavior 5) Document choice. Example: DelaySignAttribute with /publicsign.,Strong Naming
CS8106,This error occurs when option must be absolute path. The path might be relative. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Convert to absolute 2) Check path format 3) Verify location 4) Review options 5) Simplify approach. Example: Use Path.GetFullPath().,Compiler Options
CS8108,This error happens when dynamic params in local function. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove dynamic 2) Use concrete type 3) Move to outer method 4) Check C# version 5) Review needs. Example: No dynamic parameters in local functions.,Local Functions
CS8110,This error indicates expression tree contains local function. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Convert to lambda 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use local functions in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8111,This error occurs when invalid instrumentation kind. The profiling might be misconfigured. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check kind value 2) Verify tools 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test different approach. Example: Use valid instrumentation kind.,Profiling
CS8112,This error happens when local function lacks body. The implementation might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add body 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete function 5) Verify needs. Example: Local functions need => or { }.,Local Functions
CS8113,This error indicates invalid hash algorithm name. The crypto might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check algorithm name 2) Verify support 3) Review usage 4) Use standard name 5) Test separately. Example: "SHA256" not "MyHash",Cryptography
CS8116,This error occurs when pattern matches nullable type incorrectly. The syntax might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check pattern type 2) Use proper nullable syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: case int? i when i.HasValue,Pattern Matching
CS8117,This error indicates bad pattern expression. The match might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check pattern syntax 2) Verify types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Test separately. Example: case "text" when valid not case 1+1,Pattern Matching
CS8119,This error happens when switch expression lacks value. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add value 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete expression 5) Verify needs. Example: x switch { 1 => "one" } not x switch { 1 },Switch Expressions
CS8120,This warning indicates switch case is subsumed. The case might be unreachable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reorder cases 2) Remove redundant 3) Check patterns 4) Review logic 5) Verify behavior. Example: case _ before specific cases is unreachable.,Switch Statements
CS8122,This error occurs when expression tree contains is-pattern. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use classic is 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No pattern matching in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8128,This error indicates predefined tuple type member not found. The ValueTuple might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ValueTuple package 2) Check framework 3) Verify references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Review targets. Example: Install System.ValueTuple.,Tuples
CS8129,This error happens when missing Deconstruct method. The tuple might not be splittable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add Deconstruct 2) Check tuple type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: public void Deconstruct(out int x, out int y),Deconstruction
CS8130,This error indicates type inference failed for deconstruction. The types might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types explicitly 2) Check deconstructable 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, string y) = GetTuple(),Deconstruction
CS8131,This error occurs when deconstruct requires expression. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add valid expression 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete statement 5) Verify needs. Example: var (x,y) = point not var (x,y),Deconstruction
CS8132,This error happens when deconstruct wrong cardinality. The element count might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match element counts 2) Check Deconstruct 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y) = Get3DTuple() fails.,Deconstruction
CS8133,This error indicates cannot deconstruct dynamic. The runtime types might be unknown. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use concrete type 2) Check runtime type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No (var x, var y) = dynamicValue.,Dynamic
CS8134,This error occurs when deconstruct too few elements. The tuple might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add missing elements 2) Check Deconstruct 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y, _) = Get2DTuple(),Deconstruction
CS8135,This error indicates conversion not tuple compatible. The types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check tuple types 2) Make compatible 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (long, string) = (int, object) may fail.,Tuples
CS8136,This error happens when deconstruct var form disallows specific type. The syntax might mix styles. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use all var or all explicit 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (var x, int y) is invalid.,Deconstruction
CS8137,This error indicates missing TupleElementNames attribute. The tuple names might be lost. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check tuple usage 2) Verify metadata 3) Review compilation 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure tuple names preserved in metadata.,Tuples
CS8138,This error occurs when explicit TupleElementNames attribute exists. The attribute is compiler-generated. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove attribute 2) Let compiler handle 3) Review usage 4) Simplify code 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't manually add tuple attributes.,Tuples
CS8139,This error happens when trying to change tuple names on override. The names must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Keep names consistent 2) Check base method 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Overrides must match tuple names.,Tuples
CS8140,This error indicates duplicate interface with tuple names in base list. The names might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflicts 2) Check interfaces 3) Review usage 4) Simplify hierarchy 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't implement same interface twice.,Interfaces
CS8141,This error occurs when bad tuple names in implementation. The names must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match interface names 2) Check signatures 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Implement interface tuple names exactly.,Interfaces
CS8142,This error happens when partial members have inconsistent tuple names. The names must agree. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Make names consistent 2) Check all parts 3) Review usage 4) Simplify design 5) Verify needs. Example: All partials must agree on tuple names.,Partial Classes
CS8143,This error indicates expression tree contains tuple literal. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use constructor 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No (1, 2) in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8144,This error occurs when expression tree contains tuple conversion. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular conversion 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No tuple conversions in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8146,This error indicates ref property must have get accessor. The property might be write-only. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add get accessor 2) Check property 3) Review usage 4) Simplify design 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int X { get => ref _x; },Properties
CS8147,This error happens when ref property has set accessor. Ref returns can't be set directly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove setter 2) Use method 3) Check property 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: Use SetX method instead of setter.,Properties
CS8148,This error occurs when trying to change ref return on override. The refness must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match base refness 2) Check signature 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Overrides must match ref returns.,Properties
CS8149,This error indicates member must not have ref return. The override might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref return 2) Check base member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Override non-ref with non-ref.,Overriding
CS8150,This error happens when member must have ref return. The override might require it. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ref return 2) Check base member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Override ref return with ref return.,Overriding
CS8151,This error indicates ref return lacks identity conversion. The types must match exactly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match types exactly 2) Check conversions 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int can't return ref object.,Ref Returns
CS8152,This error occurs when close unimplemented interface with wrong ref return. The refness might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match interface refness 2) Check signature 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Implement interface ref returns exactly.,Interfaces
CS8153,This error happens when ref returning call in expression tree. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Avoid ref return 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No ref returns in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8154,This error indicates bad iterator with ref return. Iterators can't return by ref. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref return 2) Use regular return 3) Check iterator 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: yield return can't be by ref.,Iterators
CS8155,This error occurs when bad ref return in expression tree. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Avoid ref return 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No ref returns in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8156,This error indicates ref return expects lvalue. The expression might be temporary. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use variable 2) Check expression 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = ref arr[0] not ref 42.,Ref Returns
CS8157,This error happens when trying to return nonreturnable local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field or array 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stackalloc.,Ref Returns
CS8158,This error occurs when trying to return nonreturnable local by ref. The variable might be scoped. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field or static 2) Check scope 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to using variable.,Ref Returns
CS8159,This error indicates trying to return range variable by ref. The variable might be iterator. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return something else 2) Check LINQ usage 3) Review needs 4) Simplify approach 5) Avoid ref return. Example: No ref return from LINQ query.,LINQ
CS8160,This error happens when trying to return readonly by ref. The member might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Can't return ref to readonly field.,Ref Returns
CS8161,This error occurs when trying to return readonly static by ref. The field might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check field 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No ref return from readonly static.,Ref Returns
CS8162,This error indicates trying to return readonly by ref. The member might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Can't return ref to readonly property.,Ref Returns
CS8163,This error happens when trying to return readonly static by ref. The field might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check field 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No ref return from readonly static.,Ref Returns
CS8166,This error occurs when trying to return parameter by ref. The parameter might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref parameter unless ref return.,Ref Returns
CS8167,This error indicates trying to return parameter by ref. The parameter might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref parameter unless ref return.,Ref Returns
CS8168,This error happens when trying to return local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stack variable.,Ref Returns
CS8169,This error occurs when trying to return local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stack variable.,Ref Returns
CS8170,This error indicates trying to return struct this by ref. The instance might be temporary. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref this in struct.,Ref Returns
CS8171,This error happens when initializing by-value variable with reference. The types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use ref variable 2) Check types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: int x = ref y needs ref int x.,Ref Locals
CS8172,This error occurs when initializing by-reference variable with value. The assignment might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ref 2) Check types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = y needs ref int x = ref y.,Ref Locals
CS8173,This error indicates ref assignment lacks identity conversion. The types must match exactly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match types exactly 2) Check conversions 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int = ref object fails.,Ref Locals
CS8174,This error happens when by-reference variable not initialized. The variable might be null. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Initialize with ref 2) Check assignment 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = ref y not ref int x.,Ref Locals
CS8175,This error occurs when anonymous delegate uses local by ref. The capture might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref 2) Use regular local 3) Check scope 4) Review usage 5) Simplify approach. Example: Don't capture ref locals in lambdas.,Lambdas
CS8178,This error indicates ref returning call with await. The combination might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Separate operations 2) Check lifetimes 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't await after ref return.,Async/Await
CS8180,This error happens when predefined ValueTuple type must be struct. The type might be class. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check ValueTuple 2) Verify type 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure ValueTuple is struct.,Tuples
CS8181,This error indicates new with tuple type syntax. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular constructor 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: new Point(1, 2) not new (int, int)(1, 2).,Tuples
CS8183,This error occurs when discard type inference fails. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (_, var y) = (1, "text") needs context.,Discards
CS8185,This error happens when declaration expression not permitted. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move declaration 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: out var x valid in some contexts.,Syntax
CS8186,This error indicates must declare foreach iteration variable. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add type or var 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: foreach(var x in collection).,Foreach
CS8187,This error occurs when tuple element names in deconstruction. The names might be redundant. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove names 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y) not (int a:x, int b:y).,Deconstruction
CS8188,This error happens when expression tree contains throw expression. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular throw 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No throw in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8189,This error indicates delegate ref mismatch. The signatures might differ. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match refness 2) Check delegate 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Delegate ref int must match method ref int.,Delegates
CS8190,This error occurs when bad source code kind. The compilation might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check code kind 2) Verify project 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Script vs regular compilation.,Compilation
CS8191,This error happens when bad documentation mode. The XML docs might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check mode 2) Verify settings 3) Review docs 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test output. Example: Use valid /doc mode.,XML Documentation
CS8192,This error indicates bad language version. The version might be unsupported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check version 2) Update compiler 3) Review features 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Use supported /langversion.,Language Version
CS8196,This error occurs when implicitly typed out var used in same argument list. The inference might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types 2) Split calls 3) Check syntax 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: Method(out int x, out int y).,Out Variables
CS8197,This error happens when type inference fails for out var. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: out var x needs inferable context.,Out Variables
CS8198,This error indicates expression tree contains out variable. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular variable 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No out var in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8199,This error occurs when var invocation lvalue is reserved. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use explicit type 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: var(x) = 1 is invalid.,Syntax
CS8202,This error happens when public signing .NET module. The signing might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use full assembly 2) Check signing 3) Review options 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't public sign .netmodules.,Modules
CS8203,This error indicates bad assembly name. The name might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check name format 2) Verify characters 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Use valid assembly names.,Assemblies
CS8204,This error occurs when bad async method builder task property. The builder might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check builder 2) Verify property 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure Task property exists.,Async/Await
CS8206,This error happens when type forwarded to multiple assemblies. The target might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflict 2) Check forwards 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify behavior. Example: Forward to single assembly.,Type System
CS8207,This error indicates expression tree contains discard. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular variable 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No _ in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8208,This error occurs when pattern matches dynamic type. The match might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use is check 2) Avoid dynamic 3) Check runtime type 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: No pattern matching on dynamic.,Dynamic
CS8209,This error happens when assigning void. The expression might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove assignment 2) Check method 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't assign void method result.,Void
CS8210,This error indicates void in tuple. The element might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove void 2) Check elements 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (1, Method()) fails if Method() is void.,Tuples
CS8300,This error occurs when merge conflict marker encountered. The source might be unresolved. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflicts 2) Check source 3) Review changes 4) Clean file 5) Verify content. Example: Remove >>>>>> and ======= markers.,Source Control
CS8301,This error happens when invalid preprocessing symbol. The symbol might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check symbol 2) Verify syntax 3) Review defines 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Use valid #define symbols.,Preprocessor
CS8302,This error indicates feature not available in C# 7.1. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Default literal needs C# 7.1+,Language Version
CS8303,This error occurs when language version has leading zeroes. The format might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove zeroes 2) Check version 3) Review format 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: "7.1" not "07.01",Language Version
CS8304,This error happens when compiler and language version mismatch. The combination might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Update compiler 2) Check version 3) Review features 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify behavior. Example: Use matching compiler and language version.,Language Version
CS8305,This warning indicates Windows experimental API usage. The API might change. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check stability 2) Review docs 3) Avoid production 4) Monitor updates 5) Have fallback. Example: Experimental Windows APIs may change.,Windows Interop
CS8306,This error occurs when tuple inferred names not available. The feature might be disabled. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Enable C# 7.1 2) Use explicit names 3) Check /langversion 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: var tuple = (1, 2) needs C# 7.1 for .Item1.,Tuples
CS8307,This error happens when typeless tuple in as operator. The cast might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types 2) Check cast 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (object, object) not (,) in as operator.,Tuples
CS8308,This error indicates no ref/out when ref-only. The assembly might be incompatible. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check assembly 2) Verify references 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ref-only assemblies can't have ref/out.,Assemblies
CS8309,This error occurs when no .NET module output with ref/out or ref-only. The compilation might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use full assembly 2) Check options 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't use ref/out with .netmodules.,Modules
CS8310,This error happens when bad operation on null/default/new. The context might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check operation 2) Verify context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: null.ToString() fails.,Null Reference
CS8312,This error indicates default literal not valid here. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: default not valid in some contexts.,Default Literal
CS8314,This error occurs when pattern wrong generic type in version. The feature might be unavailable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check C# version 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Generic pattern matching needs C# 7.1+,Pattern Matching
CS8315,This error happens when ambiguous binary ops on default. The overload might be unclear. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check operators 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: default + default is ambiguous.,Operators
CS8320,This error indicates feature not available in C# 7.2. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Ref readonly needs C# 7.2+,Language Version
CS8321,This warning reports unreferenced local function. The function might be dead code. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if unused 2) Add calls 3) Check scope 4) Review design 5) Consider methods. Example: Local functions should be called.,Local Functions
CS8322,This error occurs when dynamic type parameter in local function. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove dynamic 2) Use concrete type 3) Move to outer method 4) Check C# version 5) Review needs. Example: No dynamic in local function generics.,Local Functions
CS8323,This error happens when non-trailing named argument. The order might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move named args last 2) Check order 3) Review usage 4) Simplify call 5) Verify needs. Example: Method(a:1, 2) should be Method(2, a:1).,Named Arguments
CS8324,This error indicates named argument before fixed in dynamic invocation. The binding might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move named args last 2) Check order 3) Review usage 4) Simplify call 5) Verify needs. Example: dynamic.Method(a:1, 2) is invalid.,Dynamic
CS8325,This error occurs when ref conditional and await combined. The operation might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Separate operations 2) Check lifetimes 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't await ref conditional.,Ref Returns
ErrorCode,Description,Solution,Topic
CS8029,This warning indicates PDB local name too long. The debug info might be truncated. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Shorten names 2) Check limits 3) Review symbols 4) Simplify code 5) Verify debugging. Example: Use concise variable names.,Debugging
CS8030,This error happens when lambda returns void but needs value. The return types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check lambda return 2) Add return value 3) Match delegate type 4) Review usage 5) Simplify expression. Example: () => 42 not () => Console.WriteLine(),Lambdas
CS8031,This error indicates task-returning lambda needs value. The async lambda might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add return in lambda 2) Check Task type 3) Match delegate 4) Review async usage 5) Verify needs. Example: async () => await Task.FromResult(0),Async Lambdas
CS8032,This warning reports analyzer cannot be created. The analyzer might be broken. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer code 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review exceptions 4) Test separately 5) Contact author. Example: Fix analyzer constructor errors.,Analyzers
CS8033,This warning indicates no analyzer in assembly. The DLL might be empty. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check assembly content 2) Verify build 3) Review references 4) Test analyzer 5) Rebuild if needed. Example: Ensure analyzer exports DiagnosticAnalyzer.,Analyzers
CS8034,This warning happens when unable to load analyzer. The assembly might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer DLL 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review loading code 4) Test isolation 5) Contact author. Example: Ensure all analyzer dependencies exist.,Analyzers
CS8035,This error occurs when ruleset file cannot be read. The file might be corrupted. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check file integrity 2) Verify permissions 3) Use valid XML 4) Review path 5) Simplify rules. Example: Ensure .ruleset file is valid XML.,Code Analysis
CS8036,This error indicates bad PDB data. The debug info might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Clean rebuild 2) Check debug options 3) Verify compiler 4) Review symbols 5) Test different settings. Example: Delete old PDBs and rebuild.,Debugging
CS8040,This info message reports unable to load some analyzer types. The analyzer might be partial. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check analyzer types 2) Verify dependencies 3) Review loading 4) Test isolation 5) Contact author. Example: Some analyzer types may fail to load.,Analyzers
CS8053,This error occurs when instance property initializer in interface. Interfaces can't have instance initializers. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove initializer 2) Use abstract class 3) Check C# version 4) Review design 5) Implement elsewhere. Example: Interfaces can't have field-like properties.,Interfaces
CS8054,This error indicates enum contains default constructor. Enums can't have explicit constructors. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove constructor 2) Use static methods 3) Check enum usage 4) Review needs 5) Consider alternatives. Example: Enums can't have constructors.,Enums
CS8055,This error happens when syntax tree lacks encoding. The source text might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify encoding 2) Check file format 3) Verify sources 4) Review loading 5) Handle exceptions. Example: Use Encoding.UTF8 for source files.,Compilation
CS8059,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 6. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Null propagation needs C# 6+,Language Version
CS8070,This error indicates switch falls through without break. Cases might unintentionally combine. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add break/return 2) Use goto case 3) Check all paths 4) Review logic 5) Enable warnings. Example: case 1: DoSomething(); break;,Switch Statements
CS8073,This warning reports expression is constant bool. The condition might be redundant. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if constant 2) Simplify logic 3) Check conditions 4) Review needs 5) Document if intentional. Example: if(true) is redundant.,Expressions
CS8074,This error occurs when dictionary initializer in expression tree. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular initialization 2) Move outside tree 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use { {k,v} } in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8075,This error happens when extension collection initializer in expression tree. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular initialization 2) Move outside tree 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify design 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use Add in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8078,This error indicates insufficient stack space. The recursion might be too deep. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reduce recursion 2) Increase stack 3) Use iteration 4) Check algorithms 5) Review needs. Example: Convert recursive to iterative.,Stack Management
CS8079,This error occurs when use-def violation in property. The access might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check property access 2) Verify initialization 3) Review order 4) Simplify design 5) Add null checks. Example: Ensure property is initialized before use.,Properties
CS8080,This error indicates auto property must override set. The override might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add set accessor 2) Make read-only 3) Check base property 4) Review needs 5) Implement fully. Example: override int X { get; set; },Properties
CS8081,This error happens when expression has no name. The nameof argument might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check expression 2) Use valid identifier 3) Review nameof usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(MyClass) not nameof(1+1),Expressions
CS8082,This error indicates subexpression not in nameof. The scope might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to nameof 2) Check expression 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(obj.Property) not obj.nameof(Property),Expressions
CS8083,This error occurs when alias qualified name not expression. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check alias usage 2) Use in proper context 3) Review qualification 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: global::System not as expression.,Namespaces
CS8084,This error happens when nameof used on method group with type parameters. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove type args 2) Check method name 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(MyMethod) not nameof(MyMethod<int>),Expressions
CS8085,This error indicates no alias exists in current context. The alias might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Define alias 2) Check using directives 3) Review scope 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: using MyAlias = System.IO; before use.,Namespaces
CS8086,This error occurs when unescaped curly in interpolated string. The braces might be unbalanced. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Escape with double curlies 2) Check all braces 3) Review string 4) Simplify if needed 5) Use verbatim. Example: $\"{{value}}\" for literal curly.,Strings
CS8087,This error happens when escaped curly appears unnecessarily. The escaping might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove extra escape 2) Check context 3) Review string 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"value\" not $\"{value}\" when no interpolation.,Strings
CS8088,This error indicates trailing whitespace in format specifier. The format might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove whitespace 2) Check format string 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"{value:N0}\" not $\"{value:N0 }\",String Formatting
CS8089,This error occurs when empty format specifier exists. The interpolation might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add format 2) Remove specifier 3) Check syntax 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: $\"{value}\" not $\"{value:}\",String Formatting
CS8090,This error indicates error in referenced assembly. The dependency might be broken. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check reference 2) Rebuild dependency 3) Verify version 4) Clean solution 5) Review errors. Example: Fix errors in referenced project.,Assemblies
CS8091,This error happens when extern has constructor initializer. Extern methods can't have bodies. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove initializer 2) Check extern usage 3) Review needs 4) Implement properly 5) Verify DllImport. Example: extern without => or { }.,P/Invoke
CS8092,This error indicates expression or declaration expected. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add valid expression 2) Check syntax 3) Review context 4) Complete statement 5) Verify needs. Example: Add proper expression after =.,Syntax
CS8093,This error occurs when nameof used on extension method. This gives declaring type name. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check expected result 2) Use declaring type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: nameof(Enumerable.Select) gives "Select",Extensions
CS8094,This warning reports alignment magnitude in struct. The packing might be inefficient. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check StructLayout 2) Review alignment 3) Consider packing 4) Verify performance 5) Document if intentional. Example: [StructLayout(LayoutKind.Sequential, Pack=4],Structs
CS8095,This error indicates constant string too long. The string might exceed limits. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Shorten string 2) Split into parts 3) Check limits 4) Load from resource 5) Review needs. Example: Keep strings under 1MB in source.,Strings
CS8096,This error occurs when debug entry point isn't source method. The startup might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check Main method 2) Verify source 3) Review project 4) Clean rebuild 5) Set proper entry. Example: Ensure Main is in source not generated.,Debugging
CS8097,This error happens when #load directive used outside script. The directive is script-only. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to script 2) Use regular code 3) Check context 4) Review needs 5) Verify usage. Example: #load only in .csx files.,Scripting
CS8098,This error indicates #load follows token. The directive must be at start. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move #load to top 2) Check syntax 3) Review script 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: #load must precede code.,Scripting
CS8099,This error occurs when source file references not supported. The project might be misconfigured. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check project type 2) Verify references 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Use proper references. Example: Don't reference .cs files directly.,Projects
CS8100,This error happens when bad await in static variable initializer. Async isn't allowed here. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move to static constructor 2) Make non-static 3) Check initialization 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: Use static constructor for async init.,Static Initialization
CS8101,This error indicates invalid path map. The mapping might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check path format 2) Verify mappings 3) Review /pathmap 4) Clean rebuild 5) Simplify approach. Example: /pathmap:key=value pairs must be valid.,Compiler Options
CS8102,This error occurs when public signing but no key provided. The strong naming might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add /keyfile 2) Check signing 3) Review options 4) Verify needs 5) Use proper key. Example: /publicsign needs /keyfile.,Strong Naming
CS8103,This error indicates too many user strings in assembly. The metadata might overflow. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reduce strings 2) Split assembly 3) Check resources 4) Review usage 5) Simplify design. Example: Move strings to resources.,Assemblies
CS8104,This error happens when PE writing fails. The output might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check disk space 2) Verify permissions 3) Review output 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test different options. Example: Ensure output directory is writable.,Assembly Generation
CS8105,This warning reports attribute ignored when public signing. The attribute might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check signing approach 2) Remove if unneeded 3) Review attributes 4) Verify behavior 5) Document choice. Example: DelaySignAttribute with /publicsign.,Strong Naming
CS8106,This error occurs when option must be absolute path. The path might be relative. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Convert to absolute 2) Check path format 3) Verify location 4) Review options 5) Simplify approach. Example: Use Path.GetFullPath().,Compiler Options
CS8108,This error happens when dynamic params in local function. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove dynamic 2) Use concrete type 3) Move to outer method 4) Check C# version 5) Review needs. Example: No dynamic parameters in local functions.,Local Functions
CS8110,This error indicates expression tree contains local function. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Convert to lambda 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: Don't use local functions in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8111,This error occurs when invalid instrumentation kind. The profiling might be misconfigured. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check kind value 2) Verify tools 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test different approach. Example: Use valid instrumentation kind.,Profiling
CS8112,This error happens when local function lacks body. The implementation might be missing. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add body 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete function 5) Verify needs. Example: Local functions need => or { }.,Local Functions
CS8113,This error indicates invalid hash algorithm name. The crypto might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check algorithm name 2) Verify support 3) Review usage 4) Use standard name 5) Test separately. Example: "SHA256" not "MyHash",Cryptography
CS8116,This error occurs when pattern matches nullable type incorrectly. The syntax might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check pattern type 2) Use proper nullable syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: case int? i when i.HasValue,Pattern Matching
CS8117,This error indicates bad pattern expression. The match might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check pattern syntax 2) Verify types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Test separately. Example: case "text" when valid not case 1+1,Pattern Matching
CS8119,This error happens when switch expression lacks value. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add value 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete expression 5) Verify needs. Example: x switch { 1 => "one" } not x switch { 1 },Switch Expressions
CS8120,This warning indicates switch case is subsumed. The case might be unreachable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Reorder cases 2) Remove redundant 3) Check patterns 4) Review logic 5) Verify behavior. Example: case _ before specific cases is unreachable.,Switch Statements
CS8122,This error occurs when expression tree contains is-pattern. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use classic is 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No pattern matching in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8128,This error indicates predefined tuple type member not found. The ValueTuple might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ValueTuple package 2) Check framework 3) Verify references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Review targets. Example: Install System.ValueTuple.,Tuples
CS8129,This error happens when missing Deconstruct method. The tuple might not be splittable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add Deconstruct 2) Check tuple type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: public void Deconstruct(out int x, out int y),Deconstruction
CS8130,This error indicates type inference failed for deconstruction. The types might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types explicitly 2) Check deconstructable 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, string y) = GetTuple(),Deconstruction
CS8131,This error occurs when deconstruct requires expression. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add valid expression 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Complete statement 5) Verify needs. Example: var (x,y) = point not var (x,y),Deconstruction
CS8132,This error happens when deconstruct wrong cardinality. The element count might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match element counts 2) Check Deconstruct 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y) = Get3DTuple() fails.,Deconstruction
CS8133,This error indicates cannot deconstruct dynamic. The runtime types might be unknown. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use concrete type 2) Check runtime type 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No (var x, var y) = dynamicValue.,Dynamic
CS8134,This error occurs when deconstruct too few elements. The tuple might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add missing elements 2) Check Deconstruct 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y, _) = Get2DTuple(),Deconstruction
CS8135,This error indicates conversion not tuple compatible. The types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check tuple types 2) Make compatible 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (long, string) = (int, object) may fail.,Tuples
CS8136,This error happens when deconstruct var form disallows specific type. The syntax might mix styles. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use all var or all explicit 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (var x, int y) is invalid.,Deconstruction
CS8137,This error indicates missing TupleElementNames attribute. The tuple names might be lost. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check tuple usage 2) Verify metadata 3) Review compilation 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure tuple names preserved in metadata.,Tuples
CS8138,This error occurs when explicit TupleElementNames attribute exists. The attribute is compiler-generated. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove attribute 2) Let compiler handle 3) Review usage 4) Simplify code 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't manually add tuple attributes.,Tuples
CS8139,This error happens when trying to change tuple names on override. The names must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Keep names consistent 2) Check base method 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Overrides must match tuple names.,Tuples
CS8140,This error indicates duplicate interface with tuple names in base list. The names might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflicts 2) Check interfaces 3) Review usage 4) Simplify hierarchy 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't implement same interface twice.,Interfaces
CS8141,This error occurs when bad tuple names in implementation. The names must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match interface names 2) Check signatures 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Implement interface tuple names exactly.,Interfaces
CS8142,This error happens when partial members have inconsistent tuple names. The names must agree. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Make names consistent 2) Check all parts 3) Review usage 4) Simplify design 5) Verify needs. Example: All partials must agree on tuple names.,Partial Classes
CS8143,This error indicates expression tree contains tuple literal. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use constructor 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No (1, 2) in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8144,This error occurs when expression tree contains tuple conversion. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular conversion 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No tuple conversions in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8146,This error indicates ref property must have get accessor. The property might be write-only. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add get accessor 2) Check property 3) Review usage 4) Simplify design 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int X { get => ref _x; },Properties
CS8147,This error happens when ref property has set accessor. Ref returns can't be set directly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove setter 2) Use method 3) Check property 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: Use SetX method instead of setter.,Properties
CS8148,This error occurs when trying to change ref return on override. The refness must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match base refness 2) Check signature 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Overrides must match ref returns.,Properties
CS8149,This error indicates member must not have ref return. The override might conflict. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref return 2) Check base member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Override non-ref with non-ref.,Overriding
CS8150,This error happens when member must have ref return. The override might require it. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ref return 2) Check base member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Override ref return with ref return.,Overriding
CS8151,This error indicates ref return lacks identity conversion. The types must match exactly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match types exactly 2) Check conversions 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int can't return ref object.,Ref Returns
CS8152,This error occurs when close unimplemented interface with wrong ref return. The refness might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match interface refness 2) Check signature 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Implement interface ref returns exactly.,Interfaces
CS8153,This error happens when ref returning call in expression tree. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Avoid ref return 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No ref returns in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8154,This error indicates bad iterator with ref return. Iterators can't return by ref. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref return 2) Use regular return 3) Check iterator 4) Review needs 5) Simplify design. Example: yield return can't be by ref.,Iterators
CS8155,This error occurs when bad ref return in expression tree. This isn't allowed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Avoid ref return 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No ref returns in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8156,This error indicates ref return expects lvalue. The expression might be temporary. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use variable 2) Check expression 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = ref arr[0] not ref 42.,Ref Returns
CS8157,This error happens when trying to return nonreturnable local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field or array 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stackalloc.,Ref Returns
CS8158,This error occurs when trying to return nonreturnable local by ref. The variable might be scoped. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field or static 2) Check scope 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to using variable.,Ref Returns
CS8159,This error indicates trying to return range variable by ref. The variable might be iterator. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return something else 2) Check LINQ usage 3) Review needs 4) Simplify approach 5) Avoid ref return. Example: No ref return from LINQ query.,LINQ
CS8160,This error happens when trying to return readonly by ref. The member might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Can't return ref to readonly field.,Ref Returns
CS8161,This error occurs when trying to return readonly static by ref. The field might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check field 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No ref return from readonly static.,Ref Returns
CS8162,This error indicates trying to return readonly by ref. The member might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check member 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Can't return ref to readonly property.,Ref Returns
CS8163,This error happens when trying to return readonly static by ref. The field might be immutable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check field 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: No ref return from readonly static.,Ref Returns
CS8166,This error occurs when trying to return parameter by ref. The parameter might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref parameter unless ref return.,Ref Returns
CS8167,This error indicates trying to return parameter by ref. The parameter might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref parameter unless ref return.,Ref Returns
CS8168,This error happens when trying to return local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stack variable.,Ref Returns
CS8169,This error occurs when trying to return local by ref. The variable might not persist. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref to stack variable.,Ref Returns
CS8170,This error indicates trying to return struct this by ref. The instance might be temporary. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Return field instead 2) Check lifetime 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't return ref this in struct.,Ref Returns
CS8171,This error happens when initializing by-value variable with reference. The types might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use ref variable 2) Check types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: int x = ref y needs ref int x.,Ref Locals
CS8172,This error occurs when initializing by-reference variable with value. The assignment might be wrong. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ref 2) Check types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = y needs ref int x = ref y.,Ref Locals
CS8173,This error indicates ref assignment lacks identity conversion. The types must match exactly. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match types exactly 2) Check conversions 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int = ref object fails.,Ref Locals
CS8174,This error happens when by-reference variable not initialized. The variable might be null. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Initialize with ref 2) Check assignment 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref int x = ref y not ref int x.,Ref Locals
CS8175,This error occurs when anonymous delegate uses local by ref. The capture might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove ref 2) Use regular local 3) Check scope 4) Review usage 5) Simplify approach. Example: Don't capture ref locals in lambdas.,Lambdas
CS8178,This error indicates ref returning call with await. The combination might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Separate operations 2) Check lifetimes 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't await after ref return.,Async/Await
CS8180,This error happens when predefined ValueTuple type must be struct. The type might be class. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check ValueTuple 2) Verify type 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure ValueTuple is struct.,Tuples
CS8181,This error indicates new with tuple type syntax. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use regular constructor 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: new Point(1, 2) not new (int, int)(1, 2).,Tuples
CS8183,This error occurs when discard type inference fails. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (_, var y) = (1, "text") needs context.,Discards
CS8185,This error happens when declaration expression not permitted. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move declaration 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: out var x valid in some contexts.,Syntax
CS8186,This error indicates must declare foreach iteration variable. The syntax might be incomplete. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add type or var 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: foreach(var x in collection).,Foreach
CS8187,This error occurs when tuple element names in deconstruction. The names might be redundant. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove names 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (int x, int y) not (int a:x, int b:y).,Deconstruction
CS8188,This error happens when expression tree contains throw expression. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular throw 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No throw in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8189,This error indicates delegate ref mismatch. The signatures might differ. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match refness 2) Check delegate 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Delegate ref int must match method ref int.,Delegates
CS8190,This error occurs when bad source code kind. The compilation might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check code kind 2) Verify project 3) Review setup 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Script vs regular compilation.,Compilation
CS8191,This error happens when bad documentation mode. The XML docs might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check mode 2) Verify settings 3) Review docs 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test output. Example: Use valid /doc mode.,XML Documentation
CS8192,This error indicates bad language version. The version might be unsupported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check version 2) Update compiler 3) Review features 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Use supported /langversion.,Language Version
CS8196,This error occurs when implicitly typed out var used in same argument list. The inference might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types 2) Split calls 3) Check syntax 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: Method(out int x, out int y).,Out Variables
CS8197,This error happens when type inference fails for out var. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: out var x needs inferable context.,Out Variables
CS8198,This error indicates expression tree contains out variable. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular variable 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No out var in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8199,This error occurs when var invocation lvalue is reserved. The syntax might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use explicit type 2) Check syntax 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: var(x) = 1 is invalid.,Syntax
CS8202,This error happens when public signing .NET module. The signing might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use full assembly 2) Check signing 3) Review options 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't public sign .netmodules.,Modules
CS8203,This error indicates bad assembly name. The name might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check name format 2) Verify characters 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Use valid assembly names.,Assemblies
CS8204,This error occurs when bad async method builder task property. The builder might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check builder 2) Verify property 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ensure Task property exists.,Async/Await
CS8206,This error happens when type forwarded to multiple assemblies. The target might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflict 2) Check forwards 3) Review references 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify behavior. Example: Forward to single assembly.,Type System
CS8207,This error indicates expression tree contains discard. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move outside tree 2) Use regular variable 3) Check C# version 4) Simplify approach 5) Review needs. Example: No _ in expression trees.,Expression Trees
CS8208,This error occurs when pattern matches dynamic type. The match might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use is check 2) Avoid dynamic 3) Check runtime type 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: No pattern matching on dynamic.,Dynamic
CS8209,This error happens when assigning void. The expression might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove assignment 2) Check method 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't assign void method result.,Void
CS8210,This error indicates void in tuple. The element might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove void 2) Check elements 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (1, Method()) fails if Method() is void.,Tuples
CS8300,This error occurs when merge conflict marker encountered. The source might be unresolved. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Resolve conflicts 2) Check source 3) Review changes 4) Clean file 5) Verify content. Example: Remove >>>>>> and ======= markers.,Source Control
CS8301,This error happens when invalid preprocessing symbol. The symbol might be malformed. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check symbol 2) Verify syntax 3) Review defines 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Use valid #define symbols.,Preprocessor
CS8302,This error indicates feature not available in C# 7.1. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Default literal needs C# 7.1+,Language Version
CS8303,This error occurs when language version has leading zeroes. The format might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove zeroes 2) Check version 3) Review format 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: "7.1" not "07.01",Language Version
CS8304,This error happens when compiler and language version mismatch. The combination might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Update compiler 2) Check version 3) Review features 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify behavior. Example: Use matching compiler and language version.,Language Version
CS8305,This warning indicates Windows experimental API usage. The API might change. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check stability 2) Review docs 3) Avoid production 4) Monitor updates 5) Have fallback. Example: Experimental Windows APIs may change.,Windows Interop
CS8306,This error occurs when tuple inferred names not available. The feature might be disabled. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Enable C# 7.1 2) Use explicit names 3) Check /langversion 4) Review usage 5) Verify needs. Example: var tuple = (1, 2) needs C# 7.1 for .Item1.,Tuples
CS8307,This error happens when typeless tuple in as operator. The cast might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify types 2) Check cast 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: (object, object) not (,) in as operator.,Tuples
CS8308,This error indicates no ref/out when ref-only. The assembly might be incompatible. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check assembly 2) Verify references 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Test behavior. Example: Ref-only assemblies can't have ref/out.,Assemblies
CS8309,This error occurs when no .NET module output with ref/out or ref-only. The compilation might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Use full assembly 2) Check options 3) Review usage 4) Clean rebuild 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't use ref/out with .netmodules.,Modules
CS8310,This error happens when bad operation on null/default/new. The context might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check operation 2) Verify context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: null.ToString() fails.,Null Reference
CS8312,This error indicates default literal not valid here. The context might be ambiguous. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: default not valid in some contexts.,Default Literal
CS8314,This error occurs when pattern wrong generic type in version. The feature might be unavailable. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check C# version 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Generic pattern matching needs C# 7.1+,Pattern Matching
CS8315,This error happens when ambiguous binary ops on default. The overload might be unclear. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Specify type 2) Check operators 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: default + default is ambiguous.,Operators
CS8320,This error indicates feature not available in C# 7.2. The version might be too low. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Check /langversion 2) Update code 3) Review features 4) Consider upgrade 5) Verify needs. Example: Ref readonly needs C# 7.2+,Language Version
CS8321,This warning reports unreferenced local function. The function might be dead code. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove if unused 2) Add calls 3) Check scope 4) Review design 5) Consider methods. Example: Local functions should be called.,Local Functions
CS8322,This error occurs when dynamic type parameter in local function. This isn't supported. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Remove dynamic 2) Use concrete type 3) Move to outer method 4) Check C# version 5) Review needs. Example: No dynamic in local function generics.,Local Functions
CS8323,This error happens when non-trailing named argument. The order might be invalid. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move named args last 2) Check order 3) Review usage 4) Simplify call 5) Verify needs. Example: Method(a:1, 2) should be Method(2, a:1).,Named Arguments
CS8324,This error indicates named argument before fixed in dynamic invocation. The binding might fail. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Move named args last 2) Check order 3) Review usage 4) Simplify call 5) Verify needs. Example: dynamic.Method(a:1, 2) is invalid.,Dynamic
CS8325,This error occurs when ref conditional and await combined. The operation might be unsafe. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Separate operations 2) Check lifetimes 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: Don't await ref conditional.,Ref Returns
CS8326,This error happens when ref conditional needs two refs. The operands might mismatch. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Add ref to both 2) Check types 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref (cond ? ref x : ref y).,Ref Returns
CS8327,This error indicates ref conditional with different types. The operands must match. As a .NET trainer I recommend: 1) Match types 2) Check conversions 3) Review usage 4) Simplify approach 5) Verify needs. Example: ref (cond ? ref int : ref long) fails.,Ref Returns
CS8329,This error occurs when trying to pass a readonly field by reference. The precise cause is attempting to use ref with a field marked as readonly. To avoid this error: 1) Remove the readonly modifier if the field needs to be passed by ref 2) Create a local copy of the field 3) Consider using in modifier instead 4) Review your architecture for mutability needs 5) Use properties instead of fields. Example: ref readonlyField causes this error. C# topic: ,References and Readonly
CS8330,This error occurs when attempting to pass a non-field member by reference. The precise cause is using ref with properties or other non-field members. To avoid this error: 1) Only use ref with fields 2) Create a local variable first 3) Consider returning values instead 4) Review your method signatures 5) Use properties with proper get/set logic. Example: ref someProperty causes this error. C# topic: ,References
CS8331,This error occurs when assigning to a readonly field. The precise cause is attempting to modify a field marked readonly. To avoid this error: 1) Remove readonly if modification is needed 2) Initialize in constructor 3) Use properties instead 4) Make mutable copies when needed 5) Review your immutability requirements. Example: readonlyField = value causes this. C# topic: ,Readonly Fields
CS8332,This error occurs when assigning to a non-field member. The precise cause is attempting direct assignment to properties or methods. To avoid this error: 1) Use property setters properly 2) Don't treat methods as variables 3) Check your member types 4) Use proper assignment syntax 5) Review basic C# syntax rules. Example: someMethod = delegate causes this. C# topic: ,Member Assignment
CS8333,This error occurs when returning a readonly field by reference. The precise cause is attempting ref return of readonly field. To avoid this error: 1) Remove readonly if ref return needed 2) Return a mutable copy 3) Consider returning by value 4) Use properties instead 5) Review ref return requirements. Example: ref return readonlyField causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Returns
CS8334,This error occurs when returning a non-field member by reference. The precise cause is attempting ref return of properties/methods. To avoid this error: 1) Only return fields by ref 2) Use value return for properties 3) Create local variables first 4) Review ref return limitations 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: ref return Property causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Returns
CS8335,This error occurs when using reserved attribute names. The precise cause is attempting to use compiler-reserved attribute names. To avoid this error: 1) Choose different attribute names 2) Check reserved names list 3) Avoid System namespace names 4) Use unique naming conventions 5) Prefix with your company name. Example: [System.Runtime] causes this. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8336,This error occurs when using reserved type names. The precise cause is attempting to use compiler-reserved type names. To avoid this error: 1) Choose different type names 2) Check reserved names list 3) Avoid System namespace names 4) Use unique naming conventions 5) Prefix with your company name. Example: class System.Runtime causes this. C# topic: ,Type Names
CS8337,This error occurs when ref extension methods have invalid constraints. The precise cause is incorrect type constraints on ref extension methods. To avoid this error: 1) Ensure value type constraints 2) Check method signatures 3) Review extension method rules 4) Simplify constraints if needed 5) Consider static methods instead. Example: ref extension on class causes this. C# topic: ,Extension Methods
CS8338,This error occurs when in extension methods have invalid types. The precise cause is using non-value types with in extension methods. To avoid this error: 1) Only use value types 2) Check parameter types 3) Remove in modifier if needed 4) Review extension method rules 5) Consider regular methods. Example: in extension on string causes this. C# topic: ,Extension Methods
CS8340,This error occurs when declaring fields in readonly structs. The precise cause is having instance fields in readonly structs. To avoid this error: 1) Make struct non-readonly 2) Use properties instead 3) Make fields readonly 4) Review struct design 5) Consider class instead. Example: readonly struct with field causes this. C# topic: ,Readonly Structs
CS8341,This error occurs when using auto-properties in readonly structs. The precise cause is auto-properties in readonly structs generating hidden fields. To avoid this error: 1) Make struct non-readonly 2) Use manual properties 3) Initialize in constructor 4) Review struct design 5) Consider class instead. Example: readonly struct with auto-prop causes this. C# topic: ,Readonly Structs
CS8342,This error occurs when using field-like events in readonly structs. The precise cause is field-like events generating hidden fields in readonly structs. To avoid this error: 1) Make struct non-readonly 2) Use custom events 3) Review event implementation 4) Consider class instead 5) Avoid field-like events. Example: readonly struct with event causes this. C# topic: ,Readonly Structs
CS8345,This error occurs when fields/auto-properties are byref-like. The precise cause is declaring byref-like fields or auto-properties. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid ref struct types 2) Use regular types 3) Review byref-like usage 4) Consider alternative designs 5) Remove ref struct members. Example: Span<T> field causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Structs
CS8346,This error occurs when stackalloc conversion fails. The precise cause is invalid stackalloc array type conversion. To avoid this error: 1) Check target array types 2) Use explicit casting 3) Review stackalloc usage 4) Consider regular arrays 5) Verify type compatibility. Example: stackalloc byte to int[] fails. C# topic: ,Stackalloc
CS8347,This error occurs when escaping ref variables. The precise cause is allowing ref locals to escape their scope. To avoid this error: 1) Don't return ref locals 2) Copy values when needed 3) Review ref variable lifetimes 4) Limit ref usage scope 5) Consider value returns. Example: return ref localVar causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Safety
CS8348,This error occurs when escaping ref variables in async. The precise cause is ref locals in async methods escaping. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid ref in async 2) Copy values instead 3) Review async method design 4) Limit ref usage 5) Consider synchronous code. Example: async with ref return causes this. C# topic: ,Async Ref
CS8349,This error occurs when ref-like types escape scope. The precise cause is ref struct variables escaping declaration scope. To avoid this error: 1) Contain ref struct usage 2) Don't return ref structs 3) Review lifetime rules 4) Consider regular structs 5) Copy values when needed. Example: return Span<T> causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Structs
CS8350,This error occurs when mixing ref and non-ref arguments. The precise cause is inconsistent ref usage in method calls. To avoid this error: 1) Be consistent with ref 2) Check all arguments 3) Review method signatures 4) Match parameter types 5) Consider value parameters. Example: Mixing ref and value args causes this. C# topic: ,References
CS8351,This error occurs with mismatched ref escapes in ternary. The precise cause is different ref safety in ternary branches. To avoid this error: 1) Make branches consistent 2) Avoid ref in ternaries 3) Use if-else instead 4) Review ref safety rules 5) Consider value returns. Example: condition ? ref a : ref b with mismatched safety. C# topic: ,Ref Safety
CS8352,This error occurs when variables escape scope. The precise cause is using variables beyond their safe context. To avoid this error: 1) Contain variable usage 2) Review scoping rules 3) Copy values when needed 4) Limit complex patterns 5) Consider simpler designs. Example: returning local Span<T> causes this. C# topic: ,Variable Scoping
CS8353,This error occurs when stackalloc escapes scope. The precise cause is stackalloc array used beyond declaration. To avoid this error: 1) Contain stackalloc usage 2) Copy to heap if needed 3) Review lifetime rules 4) Consider regular arrays 5) Limit complex patterns. Example: return stackalloc array causes this. C# topic: ,Stackalloc
CS8354,This error occurs when returning ref to this. The precise cause is attempting ref return of this reference. To avoid this error: 1) Don't return ref this 2) Return specific fields 3) Review ref return rules 4) Consider value return 5) Use properties instead. Example: ref return this causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Returns
CS8355,This error occurs when OutAttribute used on in parameter. The precise cause is conflicting parameter attributes. To avoid this error: 1) Remove OutAttribute 2) Use correct attribute 3) Check parameter direction 4) Review method contracts 5) Be consistent with modifiers. Example: [Out] on in parameter causes this. C# topic: ,Parameter Attributes
CS8356,This error occurs when ValueTuple types are ambiguous. The precise cause is multiple ValueTuple types found in different assemblies. To avoid this error: 1) Reference System.ValueTuple explicitly 2) Remove duplicate references 3) Check assembly bindings 4) Use full type names 5) Clean NuGet packages. Example: ambiguous ValueTuple in different assemblies. C# topic: ,Tuples
CS8357,This error occurs with invalid version format for deterministic builds. The precise cause is malformed version string in assembly attributes. To avoid this error: 1) Use proper version format 2) Check AssemblyVersion attribute 3) Follow semantic versioning 4) Validate version strings 5) Review build settings. Example: [assembly: AssemblyVersion("1.0")] with bad format. C# topic: ,Assembly Attributes
CS8358,This error occurs when attribute constructor is in parameter. The precise cause is placing attributes on lambda or method group parameters. To avoid this error: 1) Move attributes to method declaration 2) Use proper attribute targets 3) Check parameter syntax 4) Review attribute usage rules 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: [MyAttr] in lambda parameter causes this. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8359,This warning occurs when filter is constant false. The precise cause is catch filter that always evaluates to false. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove unnecessary filter 2) Fix filter logic 3) Review exception handling 4) Consider removing catch block 5) Make filter conditional. Example: catch when (false) causes this. C# topic: ,Exception Handling
CS8360,This warning occurs when redundant try-catch has constant false filter. The precise cause is catch block that can never execute. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove redundant catch 2) Fix filter condition 3) Review exception strategy 4) Simplify try-catch 5) Make filter meaningful. Example: try {} catch when (false) {} causes this. C# topic: ,Exception Handling
CS8361,This error occurs when using conditional in string interpolation. The precise cause is ternary operator in interpolated string without parentheses. To avoid this error: 1) Add parentheses around ternary 2) Use if-else instead 3) Move logic outside string 4) Simplify interpolation 5) Review operator precedence. Example: $"{condition ? x : y}" without parens. C# topic: ,String Interpolation
CS8362,This error occurs when using void in __arglist. The precise cause is attempting to pass void return type in variable arguments. To avoid this error: 1) Don't use void in arglist 2) Pass actual values 3) Review __arglist usage 4) Consider params array 5) Avoid variable arguments. Example: __arglist(voidMethod()) causes this. C# topic: ,Variable Arguments
CS8364,This error occurs when using in parameter in dynamic method. The precise cause is in modifier in dynamic method argument. To avoid this error: 1) Remove in modifier 2) Use regular parameters 3) Avoid dynamic methods 4) Review method requirements 5) Consider Expression trees. Example: dynamic method with in parameter. C# topic: ,Dynamic Methods
CS8370,This error occurs when using C# 7.3+ features in older versions. The precise cause is language version mismatch for new features. To avoid this error: 1) Update project language version 2) Don't use new features 3) Check compiler version 4) Use #if directives 5) Modernize codebase. Example: Using unmanaged constraint in C# 7.2. C# topic: ,Language Versioning
CS8371,This warning occurs when using attributes on backing fields in old versions. The precise cause is C# 7.3+ feature in older compilers. To avoid this warning: 1) Upgrade compiler 2) Remove attributes 3) Use newer C# version 4) Ignore if acceptable 5) Implement manually. Example: [field:NonSerialized] in C# 7.2. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8372,This error occurs with FixedBufferAttr on property. The precise cause is invalid attribute usage on properties. To avoid this error: 1) Use on fields only 2) Review attribute purpose 3) Check documentation 4) Use proper targets 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: [FixedBuffer] on property. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8373,This error occurs when ref local/parameter expected. The precise cause is missing ref modifier where required. To avoid this error: 1) Add ref keyword 2) Check method signatures 3) Review calling code 4) Match parameter types 5) Verify API requirements. Example: Calling ref method without ref. C# topic: ,References
CS8374,This error occurs when ref assignment is narrower. The precise cause is assigning ref with more restrictive scope. To avoid this error: 1) Match ref safety scopes 2) Review variable lifetimes 3) Avoid nested ref assignments 4) Simplify ref usage 5) Consider value copies. Example: ref local = ref narrowerRef causes this. C# topic: ,Ref Safety
CS8375,This error occurs when new() with unmanaged constraint. The precise cause is conflicting generic constraints. To avoid this error: 1) Remove new() constraint 2) Remove unmanaged constraint 3) Use factory pattern 4) Review type requirements 5) Consider non-generic solution. Example: where T : unmanaged, new(). C# topic: ,Generic Constraints
CS8377,This error occurs when unmanaged constraint not satisfied. The precise cause is type argument not meeting unmanaged requirement. To avoid this error: 1) Use unmanaged types 2) Remove constraint 3) Check type arguments 4) Review struct definitions 5) Consider marshalling. Example: Generic with unmanaged constraint used with class. C# topic: ,Generic Constraints
CS8378,This error occurs when using in/out in __arglist. The precise cause is parameter modifiers in variable arguments. To avoid this error: 1) Remove modifiers 2) Use regular parameters 3) Avoid __arglist 4) Consider params array 5) Review method design. Example: __arglist(in x) causes this. C# topic: ,Variable Arguments
CS8379,This error occurs with conflicting constraints. The precise cause is unmanaged constraint with other constraints. To avoid this error: 1) Simplify constraints 2) Remove conflicts 3) Review type requirements 4) Check documentation 5) Consider interface constraints. Example: where T : unmanaged, IDisposable conflicts. C# topic: ,Generic Constraints
CS8380,This error occurs when unmanaged bound with class. The precise cause is unmanaged constraint with class constraint. To avoid this error: 1) Remove class constraint 2) Remove unmanaged constraint 3) Use struct constraint 4) Review design requirements 5) Consider non-generic solution. Example: where T : unmanaged, class. C# topic: ,Generic Constraints
CS8381,This error occurs with invalid stackalloc array. The precise cause is incorrect stackalloc array type or size. To avoid this error: 1) Use valid element types 2) Check array size 3) Review stackalloc syntax 4) Consider safe alternatives 5) Verify type requirements. Example: stackalloc string[10] causes this. C# topic: ,Stackalloc
CS8382,This error occurs when expression tree contains tuple binary op. The precise cause is tuple operations in expression trees. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid tuples in expression trees 2) Decompose operations 3) Use traditional types 4) Review expression requirements 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: Expression with tuple operations. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8383,This warning occurs with tuple binary op has mismatched names. The precise cause is tuple operations with inconsistent element names. To avoid this warning: 1) Use matching tuple names 2) Remove names 3) Standardize tuple types 4) Review tuple usage 5) Consider custom types. Example: (a:1,b:2) + (c:3,d:4) causes warning. C# topic: ,Tuples
CS8384,This error occurs with tuple sizes mismatch in binary ops. The precise cause is operating on tuples of different sizes. To avoid this error: 1) Use same-size tuples 2) Check tuple lengths 3) Review operation requirements 4) Decompose tuples first 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: (1,2) + (1,2,3) causes this. C# topic: ,Tuples
CS8385,This error occurs when expression can't be fixed. The precise cause is invalid expression in fixed statement. To avoid this error: 1) Use fixed-size buffers 2) Check expression type 3) Review fixed requirements 4) Consider unsafe alternatives 5) Pin objects properly. Example: fixed on invalid expression. C# topic: ,Unsafe Code
CS8386,This error occurs with invalid object creation. The precise cause is incorrect object initialization syntax. To avoid this error: 1) Check constructor syntax 2) Verify type accessibility 3) Review initialization rules 4) Match parameter counts 5) Consider factory methods. Example: new with invalid parameters. C# topic: ,Object Creation
CS8387,This warning occurs when type parameter shadows outer one. The precise cause is generic type parameter name collision. To avoid this warning: 1) Use unique names 2) Rename parameters 3) Review generic nesting 4) Check naming conventions 5) Consider simpler designs. Example: class Outer<T> { void Inner<T>() }. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8388,This error occurs when out variable can't be byref. The precise cause is ref or in modifier on out variable. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ref/in modifiers 2) Use regular out 3) Review parameter passing 4) Check method signatures 5) Consider value returns. Example: Method(out ref var x) causes this. C# topic: ,Parameter Passing
CS8389,This error occurs when type argument is omitted. The precise cause is missing generic type argument. To avoid this error: 1) Provide type arguments 2) Use var if appropriate 3) Check generic usage 4) Review type inference 5) Consider non-generic methods. Example: GenericMethod<>() causes this. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8400,This error occurs when using C# 8+ features in older versions. The precise cause is language version mismatch for new features. To avoid this error: 1) Update project language version 2) Don't use new features 3) Check compiler version 4) Use #if directives 5) Modernize codebase. Example: Using ranges in C# 7.3. C# topic: ,Language Versioning
CS8401,This error occurs with alternate interpolated verbatim strings. The precise cause is new string syntax in old versions. To avoid this error: 1) Upgrade compiler 2) Use traditional syntax 3) Check language version 4) Avoid new features 5) Update code standards. Example: $@"..." in pre-C# 8. C# topic: ,Strings
CS8403,This error occurs when iterator isn't marked async. The precise cause is async iterator without async modifier. To avoid this error: 1) Add async modifier 2) Remove yield return 3) Make synchronous 4) Review iterator design 5) Check method signatures. Example: IAsyncEnumerable without async. C# topic: ,Async Iterators
CS8410,This error occurs when no conversion to IAsyncDisposable. The precise cause is missing IAsyncDisposable implementation. To avoid this error: 1) Implement interface 2) Use await using properly 3) Check type compatibility 4) Review disposal pattern 5) Consider IDisposable. Example: await using non-IAsyncDisposable. C# topic: ,Async Disposal
CS8411,This error occurs when await foreach missing member. The precise cause is incomplete async enumerable pattern. To avoid this error: 1) Implement GetAsyncEnumerator 2) Check interface requirements 3) Review async streams 4) Add missing members 5) Consider synchronous version. Example: await foreach without proper methods. C# topic: ,Async Streams
CS8412,This error occurs with bad GetAsyncEnumerator. The precise cause is invalid async enumerator method. To avoid this error: 1) Correct method signature 2) Implement properly 3) Check return types 4) Review async streams docs 5) Consider IAsyncEnumerable. Example: Invalid GetAsyncEnumerator method. C# topic: ,Async Streams
CS8413,This error occurs with multiple IAsyncEnumerable impls. The precise cause is ambiguous async enumerable interfaces. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicate impls 2) Use explicit interface 3) Check base types 4) Review class hierarchy 5) Simplify design. Example: Multiple IAsyncEnumerable<T> impls. C# topic: ,Async Streams
CS8414,This error occurs when foreach missing wrong async member. The precise cause is async mismatch in enumeration. To avoid this error: 1) Match async patterns 2) Check method signatures 3) Review foreach requirements 4) Be consistent with async 5) Consider synchronous version. Example: async foreach with sync enumerator. C# topic: ,Async Streams
CS8415,This error occurs when await foreach missing wrong async member. The precise cause is async mismatch in async enumeration. To avoid this error: 1) Match async patterns 2) Check method signatures 3) Review await foreach 4) Implement full pattern 5) Consider synchronous version. Example: await foreach with incomplete pattern. C# topic: ,Async Streams
CS8416,This error occurs with bad dynamic await foreach. The precise cause is dynamic async enumeration issues. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid dynamic with async 2) Use concrete types 3) Check runtime types 4) Review dynamic limitations 5) Consider synchronous version. Example: await foreach (dynamic x in ...). C# topic: ,Dynamic Async
CS8417,This error occurs when no conversion to IAsyncDisp wrong async. The precise cause is async disposal mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Implement proper interface 2) Check async patterns 3) Review disposal requirements 4) Be consistent with async 5) Consider IDisposable. Example: Wrong async disposal pattern. C# topic: ,Async Disposal
CS8418,This error occurs when no conversion to IDisp wrong async. The precise cause is disposal pattern mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Implement proper interface 2) Check async patterns 3) Review disposal requirements 4) Be consistent with async 5) Fix method signatures. Example: Wrong disposal pattern in async. C# topic: ,Async Disposal
CS8419,This error occurs with possible async iterator without yield. The precise cause is async method looking like iterator. To avoid this error: 1) Add yield return 2) Remove async 3) Rename method 4) Review iterator design 5) Check method purpose. Example: async method with IAsyncEnumerable return. C# topic: ,Async Iterators
CS8420,This error occurs with possible async iterator without yield/await. The precise cause is async iterator missing key elements. To avoid this error: 1) Add yield return 2) Add await 3) Remove async 4) Review method design 5) Check return type. Example: async IAsyncEnumerable without yields. C# topic: ,Async Iterators
CS8421,This error occurs when static local function captures variable. The precise cause is static function accessing non-static locals. To avoid this error: 1) Remove static modifier 2) Pass variables as parameters 3) Review scope requirements 4) Move logic outside 5) Consider class fields. Example: static local function using outer var. C# topic: ,Local Functions
CS8422,This error occurs when static local function captures this. The precise cause is static function accessing instance members. To avoid this error: 1) Remove static modifier 2) Pass this as parameter 3) Review method design 4) Make function non-static 5) Consider static class. Example: static local function using this. C# topic: ,Local Functions
CS8423,This error occurs when attribute not on event accessor. The precise cause is misplaced event attribute. To avoid this error: 1) Move to correct target 2) Check attribute usage 3) Review event syntax 4) Use proper accessor 5) Consider method attributes. Example: [MyAttr] on event add/remove. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8424,This warning occurs with unconsumed CancellationTokenAttribute. The precise cause is unused cancellation token parameter. To avoid this warning: 1) Use the parameter 2) Remove attribute 3) Check async patterns 4) Review method design 5) Consider mandatory tokens. Example: [EnumeratorCancellation] unused. C# topic: ,Async Patterns
CS8425,This warning occurs with undecorated cancellation token. The precise cause is missing CancellationTokenAttribute. To avoid this warning: 1) Add proper attribute 2) Review async patterns 3) Check parameter names 4) Follow conventions 5) Consider making optional. Example: Missing EnumeratorCancellation. C# topic: ,Async Patterns
CS8426,This error occurs with multiple cancellation attributes. The precise cause is duplicate CancellationTokenAttribute. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicates 2) Check parameter attributes 3) Review async patterns 4) Use single attribute 5) Verify method signatures. Example: Multiple EnumeratorCancellation. C# topic: ,Async Patterns
CS8427,This error occurs with variance interface nesting. The precise cause is invalid generic variance nesting. To avoid this error: 1) Simplify interface hierarchy 2) Check variance annotations 3) Review generic rules 4) Avoid deep nesting 5) Consider non-generic solution. Example: Nested covariant interfaces. C# topic: ,Generic Variance
CS8428,This error occurs with implicit index indexer with name. The precise cause is named indexer conflicting with implicit one. To avoid this error: 1) Remove name 2) Use explicit indexer 3) Check IndexerNameAttribute 4) Review indexer design 5) Consider alternative names. Example: Named indexer with ^ syntax. C# topic: ,Indexers
CS8429,This error occurs with implicit range indexer with name. The precise cause is named indexer conflicting with implicit one. To avoid this error: 1) Remove name 2) Use explicit indexer 3) Check IndexerNameAttribute 4) Review indexer design 5) Consider alternative names. Example: Named indexer with .. syntax. C# topic: ,Indexers
CS8500,This warning occurs when managed address is taken. The precise cause is using address-of operator on managed types. To avoid this warning: 1) Use unsafe context 2) Fix pointer usage 3) Review unsafe requirements 4) Consider ref instead 5) Avoid pointer arithmetic. Example: & on managed variable. C# topic: ,Unsafe Code
CS8502,This error occurs with wrong number of subpatterns. The precise cause is pattern matching with incorrect element count. To avoid this error: 1) Match tuple arity 2) Check pattern counts 3) Review deconstruction 4) Use correct positions 5) Consider switch expression. Example: (a,b) matched with (x). C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8503,This error occurs when property pattern name missing. The precise cause is incomplete property pattern syntax. To avoid this error: 1) Add property name 2) Check pattern syntax 3) Review matching rules 4) Use complete patterns 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: { : 10 } without property name. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8504,This error occurs when missing pattern. The precise cause is incomplete pattern matching expression. To avoid this error: 1) Add missing pattern 2) Check switch cases 3) Review pattern syntax 4) Complete all branches 5) Consider default case. Example: case with no pattern. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8505,This error occurs with default pattern. The precise cause is using default as pattern. To avoid this error: 1) Use specific pattern 2) Replace with constant 3) Check switch logic 4) Review pattern rules 5) Consider default case. Example: case default: in switch. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8506,This error occurs when switch expression has no best type. The precise cause is ambiguous switch expression types. To avoid this error: 1) Add explicit types 2) Make arms consistent 3) Check return types 4) Review type inference 5) Consider if-else. Example: switch expr with mixed types. C# topic: ,Switch Expressions
CS8508,This error occurs when var may not bind to type. The precise cause is ambiguous var pattern matching. To avoid this error: 1) Use explicit type 2) Check pattern syntax 3) Review var rules 4) Make types clear 5) Consider named pattern. Example: var with ambiguous type. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8509,This warning occurs when switch not exhaustive. The precise cause is missing cases in switch expression. To avoid this warning: 1) Add missing cases 2) Include default 3) Check all possibilities 4) Review enum values 5) Consider completeness. Example: non-exhaustive switch on enum. C# topic: ,Switch Expressions
CS8510,This error occurs when switch arm subsumed. The precise cause is unreachable pattern case. To avoid this error: 1) Reorder patterns 2) Remove redundant case 3) Check pattern precedence 4) Review matching order 5) Simplify logic. Example: case _ before specific case. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8511,This error occurs with constant pattern vs open type. The precise cause is pattern matching against unconstrained generic. To avoid this error: 1) Add type constraints 2) Use is operator 3) Check generic rules 4) Review pattern usage 5) Consider runtime check. Example: case 0 with T unconstrained. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8512,This warning occurs when case constant named underscore. The precise cause is using underscore as identifier. To avoid this warning: 1) Rename variable 2) Use discard _ 3) Check naming 4) Review patterns 5) Follow conventions. Example: case int underscore. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8513,This warning occurs when is type named underscore. The precise cause is using underscore as type test name. To avoid this warning: 1) Rename variable 2) Use discard _ 3) Check naming 4) Review patterns 5) Follow conventions. Example: x is int underscore. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8514,This error occurs when expression tree contains switch. The precise cause is switch expression in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid switch in trees 2) Use if-else instead 3) Check expression limits 4) Review requirements 5) Consider runtime evaluation. Example: Expression with switch expr. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8515,This error occurs when switch needs parentheses. The precise cause is missing parens in switch expression. To avoid this error: 1) Add parentheses 2) Check syntax 3) Review precedence 4) Clarify grouping 5) Format properly. Example: switch without parens. C# topic: ,Switch Expressions
CS8516,This error occurs with tuple element name mismatch. The precise cause is deconstruction with wrong names. To avoid this error: 1) Match names exactly 2) Remove names 3) Check tuple types 4) Review deconstruction 5) Use positional only. Example: (x,y) deconstruct to (a,b). C# topic: ,Tuples
CS8517,This error occurs with deconstruct name mismatch. The precise cause is parameter name mismatch in deconstruct. To avoid this error: 1) Match names exactly 2) Remove names 3) Check method 4) Review deconstruct 5) Use positional only. Example: Deconstruct(int a) vs (b). C# topic: ,Deconstruction
CS8518,This error occurs when is pattern impossible. The precise cause is unreachable type test pattern. To avoid this error: 1) Remove impossible case 2) Check type hierarchy 3) Review pattern logic 4) Simplify conditions 5) Consider redesign. Example: case string for int variable. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8519,This warning occurs when pattern never matches. The precise cause is impossible pattern match. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove pattern 2) Check types 3) Review logic 4) Simplify conditions 5) Consider redesign. Example: x is string when x is int. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8520,This warning occurs when pattern always matches. The precise cause is redundant pattern match. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove pattern 2) Check types 3) Review logic 4) Simplify conditions 5) Consider redesign. Example: x is int when x is int. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8521,This error occurs with pointer type in pattern. The precise cause is pattern matching on pointer types. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid pointer patterns 2) Dereference first 3) Check unsafe context 4) Review requirements 5) Consider safe code. Example: case with pointer type. C# topic: ,Unsafe Code
CS8522,This error occurs with argument name in ITuple. The precise cause is named elements in tuple pattern. To avoid this error: 1) Use positional only 2) Remove names 3) Check ITuple usage 4) Review pattern rules 5) Consider ValueTuple. Example: case ITuple (Name: x). C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8523,This error occurs with discard in switch statement. The precise cause is discard pattern in statement switch. To avoid this error: 1) Use switch expr 2) Replace with default 3) Check pattern syntax 4) Review requirements 5) Consider redesign. Example: case _ in switch statement. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8524,This warning occurs when switch missing enum value. The precise cause is non-exhaustive switch on enum. To avoid this warning: 1) Add missing cases 2) Include default 3) Check all values 4) Review completeness 5) Consider flags. Example: missing enum case. C# topic: ,Switch Expressions
CS8597,This warning occurs when throw possible null. The precise cause is potentially throwing null reference. To avoid this warning: 1) Check for null 2) Use non-null value 3) Review exception usage 4) Add null check 5) Consider throw helper. Example: throw nullableException. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8598,This error occurs with illegal suppression. The precise cause is invalid null forgiveness usage. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ! operator 2) Fix nullability 3) Check types 4) Review design 5) Consider alternatives. Example: null! in invalid context. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8600,This warning occurs when converting nullable to non-nullable. The precise cause is potential null reference conversion. To avoid this warning: 1) Add null check 2) Use ?? operator 3) Review nullability 4) Check conversions 5) Consider nullable type. Example: string s = nullableString. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8601,This warning occurs with possible null reference. The precise cause is potential null assignment. To avoid this warning: 1) Initialize properly 2) Add null check 3) Use nullable annotation 4) Review design 5) Consider default. Example: string s = GetPossiblyNull(). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8602,This warning occurs with possible null dereference. The precise cause is potential null member access. To avoid this warning: 1) Add null check 2) Use ?. operator 3) Review nullability 4) Ensure initialization 5) Consider nullable type. Example: possiblyNull.ToString(). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8603,This warning occurs with possible null return. The precise cause is potentially returning null. To avoid this warning: 1) Return non-null 2) Add null check 3) Use nullable return 4) Review design 5) Consider throw. Example: return possiblyNull. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8604,This warning occurs with possible null argument. The precise cause is passing potential null parameter. To avoid this warning: 1) Add null check 2) Use non-null arg 3) Review parameters 4) Check call sites 5) Consider nullable param. Example: Method(possiblyNull). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8605,This warning occurs when unboxing possible null. The precise cause is unboxing nullable value type. To avoid this warning: 1) Check for null 2) Use as operator 3) Review unboxing 4) Consider pattern match 5) Validate first. Example: unbox nullable int. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8607,This warning occurs when MaybeNull assigned to non-null. The precise cause is violating nullability attributes. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove attribute 2) Fix assignment 3) Check types 4) Review contracts 5) Consider nullable. Example: [MaybeNull] assigned to non-null. C# topic: ,Nullable Attributes
CS8608,This warning occurs with nullability mismatch in type. The precise cause is override with different nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match nullability 2) Check base type 3) Review override 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: override with stricter nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8609,This warning occurs with return type nullability mismatch. The precise cause is override with different return nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match nullability 2) Check base method 3) Review override 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: override return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8610,This warning occurs with parameter nullability mismatch. The precise cause is override with different parameter nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match nullability 2) Check base method 3) Review override 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: override param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8611,This warning occurs with partial param nullability. The precise cause is partial method param nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match nullability 2) Check other parts 3) Review partial 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: partial method param mismatch. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8612,This warning occurs with implicit impl nullability. The precise cause is interface impl with nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check nullability 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl with stricter nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8613,This warning occurs with return nullability mismatch. The precise cause is implicit impl with return nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check return 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8614,This warning occurs with param nullability mismatch. The precise cause is implicit impl with param nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check params 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8615,This warning occurs with type nullability mismatch. The precise cause is explicit impl with type nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check types 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: expl impl nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8616,This warning occurs with return nullability mismatch. The precise cause is explicit impl with return nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check return 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: expl impl return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8617,This warning occurs with param nullability mismatch. The precise cause is explicit impl with param nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check params 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: expl impl param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8618,This warning occurs with uninitialized non-nullable. The precise cause is non-nullable field not initialized. To avoid this warning: 1) Initialize field 2) Make nullable 3) Add constructor 4) Review requirements 5) Consider default. Example: non-null field not set. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8619,This warning occurs with nullability mismatch. The precise cause is assignment with nullability conflict. To avoid this warning: 1) Match types 2) Add null check 3) Review assignment 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: assigning nullable to non-null. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8620,This warning occurs with argument nullability. The precise cause is argument passing with nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match parameters 2) Add null check 3) Review call 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: passing nullable to non-null. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8621,This warning occurs with delegate return nullability. The precise cause is delegate return nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match delegate 2) Check return 3) Review conversion 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: delegate return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8622,This warning occurs with delegate param nullability. The precise cause is delegate parameter nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match delegate 2) Check params 3) Review conversion 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: delegate param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8623,This error occurs with explicit nullable attribute. The precise cause is using NullableAttribute directly. To avoid this error: 1) Remove attribute 2) Use ? syntax 3) Check annotations 4) Review design 5) Consider nullable. Example: [NullableAttribute(1)]. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8624,This warning occurs with argument nullability. The precise cause is output argument nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match types 2) Add null check 3) Review out usage 4) Align annotations 5) Consider nullable. Example: out param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8625,This warning occurs with null as non-nullable. The precise cause is passing null to non-nullable. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove null 2) Use non-null 3) Check argument 4) Review design 5) Consider nullable. Example: Method(null). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8627,This error occurs with nullable unconstrained. The precise cause is nullable unconstrained type param. To avoid this error: 1) Add class constraint 2) Remove ? 3) Check generics 4) Review design 5) Consider default. Example: T? without constraint. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8628,This error occurs with attribute in object creation. The precise cause is nullable attribute in new(). To avoid this error: 1) Remove attribute 2) Use type annotation 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider factory. Example: [AllowNull] in new(). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8629,This warning occurs with nullable value type. The precise cause is nullable value type may be null. To avoid this warning: 1) Check for null 2) Use .Value 3) Review usage 4) Consider non-null 5) Use ?? operator. Example: int? possibly null. C# topic: ,Nullable Value Types
CS8630,This error occurs when nullable option not available. The precise cause is nullable disabled in context. To avoid this error: 1) Enable nullable 2) Remove ? 3) Check context 4) Review settings 5) Consider #nullable. Example: nullable in disabled context. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8631,This warning occurs with constraint nullability. The precise cause is type param constraint nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match constraints 2) Check nullability 3) Review generics 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: constraint nullability. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8632,This warning occurs with missing nullable context. The precise cause is annotation without nullable context. To avoid this warning: 1) Enable nullable 2) Remove annotation 3) Check context 4) Review settings 5) Consider #nullable. Example: [NotNull] without context. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8633,This warning occurs with constraint nullability. The precise cause is impl constraint nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check constraints 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl constraint nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8634,This warning occurs with type param constraint. The precise cause is reference type constraint nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match constraints 2) Check nullability 3) Review generics 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: class? constraint. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8635,This error occurs with triple dot not allowed. The precise cause is invalid ... syntax usage. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ... 2) Check syntax 3) Review language 4) Use proper ellipsis 5) Consider comments. Example: using ... in code. C# topic: ,Syntax Errors
CS8636,This error occurs with bad nullable context. The precise cause is invalid nullable directive. To avoid this error: 1) Use valid option 2) Check syntax 3) Review directives 4) Use enable/disable 5) Consider warnings. Example: #nullable invalid. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8637,This error occurs when nullable qualifier expected. The precise cause is missing nullable directive qualifier. To avoid this error: 1) Add enable/disable 2) Check syntax 3) Review directives 4) Use proper format 5) Consider warnings. Example: #nullable without qualifier. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8639,This error occurs with bad nullable typeof. The precise cause is invalid typeof with nullable. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ? 2) Check syntax 3) Review typeof 4) Use proper type 5) Consider generics. Example: typeof(T?). C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8640,This error occurs when expr tree contains ref struct. The precise cause is ref struct in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ref struct 2) Use regular type 3) Check expr trees 4) Review requirements 5) Consider runtime. Example: Expression with Span<T>. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8641,This error occurs when else cannot start statement. The precise cause is invalid else placement. To avoid this error: 1) Add if 2) Check syntax 3) Review logic 4) Complete statement 5) Consider blocks. Example: standalone else. C# topic: ,Syntax Errors
CS8642,This error occurs when expr tree contains coalescing. The precise cause is null coalescing in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Remove ??= 2) Use classic ?? 3) Check expr trees 4) Review requirements 5) Consider runtime. Example: Expression with ??=. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8643,This warning occurs with expl impl nullability. The precise cause is interface nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check nullability 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: interface nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8644,This warning occurs with base impl nullability. The precise cause is base interface nullability. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check hierarchy 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: base interface nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8645,This warning occurs with duplicate interface. The precise cause is interface with nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check interfaces 3) Review nullability 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: duplicate interface diff nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8646,This error occurs with duplicate expl impl. The precise cause is multiple explicit implementations. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check impls 3) Review interface 4) Consolidate impls 5) Consider redesign. Example: duplicate interface method impls. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8647,This error occurs when using var in switch case. The precise cause is var pattern in switch statement. To avoid this error: 1) Use type name 2) Convert to expr 3) Check syntax 4) Review patterns 5) Consider redesign. Example: case var x in statement. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8648,This error occurs with goto over using var. The precise cause is jumping over using declaration. To avoid this error: 1) Remove goto 2) Use blocks 3) Check scope 4) Review flow 5) Consider redesign. Example: goto over using var. C# topic: ,Control Flow
CS8649,This error occurs with goto over using var. The precise cause is backward jump over using. To avoid this error: 1) Remove goto 2) Use blocks 3) Check scope 4) Review flow 5) Consider redesign. Example: backward goto over using. C# topic: ,Control Flow
CS8650,This error occurs with is nullable type. The precise cause is invalid is operator usage. To avoid this error: 1) Remove is 2) Check syntax 3) Review types 4) Use proper check 5) Consider pattern. Example: x is T?. C# topic: ,Type Testing
CS8651,This error occurs with as nullable type. The precise cause is invalid as operator usage. To avoid this error: 1) Remove as 2) Check syntax 3) Review types 4) Use proper cast 5) Consider pattern. Example: x as T?. C# topic: ,Type Casting
CS8652,This error occurs with feature in preview. The precise cause is using preview language feature. To avoid this error: 1) Wait for release 2) Enable preview 3) Check version 4) Review feature 5) Consider alternative. Example: using preview feature. C# topic: ,Language Features
CS8655,This warning occurs when switch not exhaustive. The precise cause is missing null case in switch. To avoid this warning: 1) Add null case 2) Check values 3) Review completeness 4) Include default 5) Consider pattern. Example: non-exhaustive switch with null. C# topic: ,Switch Expressions
CS8656,This warning occurs with implicit copy in readonly. The precise cause is copying readonly member. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove readonly 2) Avoid copies 3) Check usage 4) Review design 5) Consider ref. Example: copying readonly struct. C# topic: ,Readonly Members
CS8657,This error occurs when static member is readonly. The precise cause is readonly on static member. To avoid this error: 1) Remove readonly 2) Make instance 3) Check modifiers 4) Review design 5) Consider const. Example: static readonly method. C# topic: ,Modifiers
CS8658,This error occurs when auto-setter is readonly. The precise cause is readonly auto-property setter. To avoid this error: 1) Remove readonly 2) Make manual 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider init. Example: readonly auto-prop setter. C# topic: ,Properties
CS8659,This error occurs with auto-prop setter readonly. The precise cause is invalid readonly property. To avoid this error: 1) Remove setter 2) Make manual 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider init. Example: readonly prop with setter. C# topic: ,Properties
CS8660,This error occurs with invalid readonly mods. The precise cause is conflicting property modifiers. To avoid this error: 1) Fix modifiers 2) Check syntax 3) Review design 4) Align modifiers 5) Consider init. Example: conflicting prop modifiers. C# topic: ,Properties
CS8661,This error occurs with duplicate readonly mods. The precise cause is redundant readonly modifiers. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check syntax 3) Review modifiers 4) Clean up code 5) Consider init. Example: duplicate readonly on prop. C# topic: ,Properties
CS8662,This error occurs with readonly field-like event. The precise cause is readonly on field event. To avoid this error: 1) Remove readonly 2) Make custom 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider alternatives. Example: readonly event field. C# topic: ,Events
CS8663,This error occurs with partial readonly diff. The precise cause is partial member readonly mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Match readonly 2) Check all parts 3) Review design 4) Align modifiers 5) Consider redesign. Example: partial readonly mismatch. C# topic: ,Partial Types
CS8664,This error occurs when readonly missing accessor. The precise cause is incomplete readonly property. To avoid this error: 1) Add accessor 2) Complete impl 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider auto-prop. Example: readonly prop missing get. C# topic: ,Properties
CS8665,This error occurs when override ref constraint. The precise cause is unsatisfied ref constraint. To avoid this error: 1) Match base 2) Check constraints 3) Review override 4) Align signatures 5) Consider redesign. Example: override ref constraint. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8666,This error occurs when override val constraint. The precise cause is unsatisfied value constraint. To avoid this error: 1) Match base 2) Check constraints 3) Review override 4) Align signatures 5) Consider redesign. Example: override value constraint. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8667,This warning occurs with partial impl nullability. The precise cause is constraint nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match partial 2) Check constraints 3) Review nullability 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: partial constraint nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8668,This error occurs when nullable target expected. The precise cause is missing nullable directive target. To avoid this error: 1) Add target 2) Check syntax 3) Review directives 4) Use annotations/warnings 5) Consider context. Example: #nullable without target. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8669,This warning occurs with generated code nullability. The precise cause is annotation without context. To avoid this warning: 1) Enable nullable 2) Remove annotation 3) Check context 4) Review settings 5) Consider #nullable. Example: generated code annotation. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8670,This warning occurs with null reference initializer. The precise cause is potential null field init. To avoid this warning: 1) Initialize non-null 2) Make nullable 3) Add constructor 4) Review design 5) Consider default. Example: field init with null. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8700,This error occurs with analyzer config conflict. The precise cause is multiple configs in directory. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicates 2) Consolidate configs 3) Check hierarchy 4) Review settings 5) Consider single config. Example: multiple .editorconfig. C# topic: ,Code Analysis
CS8701,This error occurs when runtime lacks DIM. The precise cause is default interface methods unsupported. To avoid this error: 1) Update runtime 2) Avoid DIM 3) Check version 4) Review features 5) Consider abstract class. Example: DIM on old runtime. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8702,This error occurs when runtime lacks DIM. The precise cause is interface member impl unsupported. To avoid this error: 1) Update runtime 2) Avoid feature 3) Check version 4) Review design 5) Consider abstract class. Example: interface impl on old runtime. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8703,This error occurs with invalid modifier. The precise cause is modifier not in language version. To avoid this error: 1) Update version 2) Remove modifier 3) Check features 4) Review syntax 5) Consider alternative. Example: modifier in old version. C# topic: ,Language Versioning
CS8704,This error occurs with non-public impl. The precise cause is implicit impl of non-public member. To avoid this error: 1) Make public 2) Use explicit impl 3) Check accessibility 4) Review design 5) Consider redesign. Example: impl non-public interface. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8705,This error occurs when no most specific impl. The precise cause is ambiguous interface implementation. To avoid this error: 1) Add explicit impl 2) Resolve ambiguity 3) Check interfaces 4) Review design 5) Consider redesign. Example: ambiguous interface impl. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8706,This error occurs when version lacks DIM. The precise cause is language version too old. To avoid this error: 1) Update version 2) Avoid feature 3) Check requirements 4) Review design 5) Consider abstract class. Example: DIM in C# 7.3. C# topic: ,Language Versioning
CS8707,This error occurs when runtime lacks access. The precise cause is protected interface member. To avoid this error: 1) Update runtime 2) Avoid protected 3) Check version 4) Review design 5) Consider public. Example: protected in interface. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8711,This error occurs with DIM in no-PIA. The precise cause is default impl in no-PIA type. To avoid this error: 1) Remove DIM 2) Avoid no-PIA 3) Check design 4) Review requirements 5) Consider regular impl. Example: DIM in no-PIA. C# topic: ,COM Interop
CS8712,This error occurs with abstract event accessors. The precise cause is abstract event with accessors. To avoid this error: 1) Remove accessors 2) Make non-abstract 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider interface. Example: abstract event with add/remove. C# topic: ,Events
CS8714,This warning occurs with not-null constraint. The precise cause is type param nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match constraints 2) Check nullability 3) Review generics 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: notnull constraint mismatch. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8715,This error occurs with duplicate null suppression. The precise cause is multiple ! operators. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicates 2) Check syntax 3) Review nullability 4) Fix properly 5) Consider redesign. Example: x!!. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8716,This error occurs with default literal. The precise cause is default without target type. To avoid this error: 1) Add type 2) Use default(T) 3) Check context 4) Review design 5) Consider explicit. Example: var x = default. C# topic: ,Default Literal
CS8750,This error occurs with re-abstraction in no-PIA. The precise cause is abstract member in no-PIA. To avoid this error: 1) Remove abstract 2) Avoid no-PIA 3) Check design 4) Review requirements 5) Consider regular impl. Example: abstract in no-PIA. C# topic: ,COM Interop
CS8751,This error occurs with internal compiler error. The precise cause is unexpected compiler failure. To avoid this error: 1) Report bug 2) Simplify code 3) Check repro 4) Review syntax 5) Consider workaround. Example: compiler crash. C# topic: ,Compiler Errors
CS8752,This error occurs with implicit object creation. The precise cause is invalid target type for new(). To avoid this error: 1) Specify type 2) Check constructors 3) Review syntax 4) Use explicit new 5) Consider factory. Example: new() with bad target. C# topic: ,Object Creation
CS8753,This error occurs with invalid implicit new. The precise cause is target type not valid for new(). To avoid this error: 1) Specify type 2) Check constructors 3) Review syntax 4) Use explicit new 5) Consider factory. Example: new() with no target. C# topic: ,Object Creation
CS8754,This error occurs with no target type for new. The precise cause is ambiguous new() usage. To avoid this error: 1) Specify type 2) Check context 3) Review syntax 4) Use explicit new 5) Consider var. Example: new() with no type. C# topic: ,Object Creation
CS8755,This error occurs with bad funcptr param. The precise cause is invalid function pointer modifier. To avoid this error: 1) Remove modifier 2) Check syntax 3) Review delegates 4) Use valid modifiers 5) Consider unsafe. Example: invalid funcptr param. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8756,This error occurs with bad funcptr arg count. The precise cause is incorrect function pointer arity. To avoid this error: 1) Match counts 2) Check syntax 3) Review delegates 4) Use correct params 5) Consider generics. Example: funcptr wrong param count. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8757,This error occurs with method funcptr mismatch. The precise cause is incompatible method group. To avoid this error: 1) Match signatures 2) Check types 3) Review delegates 4) Use correct method 5) Consider conversion. Example: method group to funcptr. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8758,This error occurs with funcptr ref mismatch. The precise cause is incompatible refness in funcptr. To avoid this error: 1) Match refness 2) Check signatures 3) Review delegates 4) Align modifiers 5) Consider unsafe. Example: funcptr ref mismatch. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8759,This error occurs when funcptr non-static. The precise cause is instance method for funcptr. To avoid this error: 1) Make static 2) Check method 3) Review delegates 4) Use static method 5) Consider closure. Example: funcptr to instance method. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8760,This error occurs with extern event initializer. The precise cause is initializer on extern event. To avoid this error: 1) Remove initializer 2) Check syntax 3) Review extern 4) Implement properly 5) Consider non-extern. Example: extern event with = null. C# topic: ,Events
CS8761,This warning occurs with ambiguous binary ops. The precise cause is operators on unconstrained default. To avoid this warning: 1) Add constraints 2) Specify types 3) Check operators 4) Review generics 5) Consider methods. Example: T default + T default. C# topic: ,Generics
CS8762,This warning occurs with parameter nullability. The precise cause is parameter conditionally allows null. To avoid this warning: 1) Fix nullability 2) Check attributes 3) Review parameters 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: [MaybeNullWhen] param. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8763,This warning occurs with should not return. The precise cause is method marked as no-return. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove return 2) Check attributes 3) Review design 4) Throw exception 5) Consider void. Example: [DoesNotReturn] method. C# topic: ,Code Analysis
CS8764,This warning occurs with override return nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match base 2) Check return 3) Review override 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: override return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8765,This warning occurs with override param nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match base 2) Check params 3) Review override 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: override param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8766,This warning occurs with impl return nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check return 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8767,This warning occurs with impl param nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check params 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider explicit. Example: impl param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8768,This warning occurs with expl impl return nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check return 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: expl impl return nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8769,This warning occurs with expl impl param nullability. The precise cause is top-level nullability mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match interface 2) Check params 3) Review impl 4) Align annotations 5) Consider redesign. Example: expl impl param nullability. C# topic: ,Nullable References
CS8770,This warning occurs with does not return mismatch. The precise cause is method implementation mismatch. To avoid this warning: 1) Match base 2) Check attributes 3) Review impl 4) Align behavior 5) Consider virtual. Example: override does not return. C# topic: ,Code Analysis
CS8771,This error occurs with no output directory. The precise cause is missing output path for ref assembly. To avoid this error: 1) Specify path 2) Check options 3) Review build 4) Add outputdir 5) Consider defaults. Example: /refout without path. C# topic: ,Compiler Options
CS8772,This error occurs with stdin but no redirect. The precise cause is console input not redirected. To avoid this error: 1) Redirect input 2) Remove - 3) Check options 4) Review usage 5) Consider file. Example: - with no redirect. C# topic: ,Compiler Options
CS8773,This error occurs with C# 9+ feature in old version. The precise cause is language version mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Update version 2) Avoid feature 3) Check compiler 4) Use #if 5) Modernize code. Example: records in C# 8. C# topic: ,Language Versioning
CS8774,This warning occurs with member not null. The precise cause is [MemberNotNull] attribute usage. To avoid this warning: 1) Initialize member 2) Check attribute 3) Review nullability 4) Ensure non-null 5) Consider redesign. Example: [MemberNotNull] warning. C# topic: ,Nullable Attributes
CS8775,This warning occurs with member not null when. The precise cause is [MemberNotNullWhen] usage. To avoid this warning: 1) Initialize member 2) Check attribute 3) Review return 4) Ensure non-null 5) Consider redesign. Example: [MemberNotNullWhen] warning. C# topic: ,Nullable Attributes
CS8776,This warning occurs with bad member not null. The precise cause is invalid [MemberNotNull] target. To avoid this warning: 1) Fix member 2) Check attribute 3) Review usage 4) Use valid target 5) Consider redesign. Example: [MemberNotNull] on bad member. C# topic: ,Nullable Attributes
CS8777,This warning occurs with parameter disallows null. The precise cause is [DisallowNull] attribute. To avoid this warning: 1) Pass non-null 2) Check argument 3) Review parameters 4) Fix call site 5) Consider nullable. Example: [DisallowNull] param. C# topic: ,Nullable Attributes
CS8778,This warning occurs with const out of range. The precise cause is constant value overflow. To avoid this warning: 1) Fix value 2) Check range 3) Review constants 4) Use valid value 5) Consider unchecked. Example: const int overflow. C# topic: ,Constants
CS8779,This error occurs with duplicate interface. The precise cause is interface with differences. To avoid this error: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check interfaces 3) Review base list 4) Consolidate impls 5) Consider redesign. Example: duplicate interface differences. C# topic: ,Interfaces
CS8780,This error occurs with designator beneath combinator. The precise cause is invalid pattern syntax. To avoid this error: 1) Fix pattern 2) Check syntax 3) Review design 4) Use proper nesting 5) Consider redesign. Example: invalid nested pattern. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8781,This error occurs with bad relational pattern. The precise cause is unsupported type for relational. To avoid this error: 1) Use supported type 2) Check syntax 3) Review pattern 4) Implement operators 5) Consider alternative. Example: relational pattern on bad type. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8782,This error occurs with NaN in relational pattern. The precise cause is NaN in relational pattern. To avoid this error: 1) Remove NaN 2) Check float 3) Review pattern 4) Use is NaN 5) Consider alternative. Example: > NaN in pattern. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8783,This error occurs with conditional on local func. The precise cause is [Conditional] on local function. To avoid this error: 1) Remove attribute 2) Make method 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Consider redesign. Example: [Conditional] local func. C# topic: ,Attributes
CS8784,This warning occurs with generator init fail. The precise cause is source generator initialization. To avoid this warning: 1) Check generator 2) Review logs 3) Fix errors 4) Update generator 5) Consider disable. Example: generator init warning. C# topic: ,Source Generators
CS8785,This warning occurs with generator fail. The precise cause is source generator failure. To avoid this warning: 1) Check generator 2) Review logs 3) Fix errors 4) Update generator 5) Consider disable. Example: generator failure warning. C# topic: ,Source Generators
CS8786,This error occurs with wrong funcptr calling convention. The precise cause is invalid calling convention. To avoid this error: 1) Use valid convention 2) Check syntax 3) Review interop 4) Use correct attribute 5) Consider defaults. Example: invalid funcptr callingconv. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8787,This error occurs with missing address-of. The precise cause is function pointer without &. To avoid this error: 1) Add & 2) Check syntax 3) Review delegates 4) Use address-of 5) Consider method group. Example: funcptr without &. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8788,This error occurs with reduced ext method. The precise cause is extension method in function pointer. To avoid this error: 1) Use instance 2) Check syntax 3) Review delegates 4) Avoid extension 5) Consider static. Example: funcptr to extension. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8789,This error occurs with funcptr as fixed. The precise cause is function pointer in fixed. To avoid this error: 1) Remove fixed 2) Check syntax 3) Review unsafe 4) Use regular pointer 5) Consider redesign. Example: fixed funcptr. C# topic: ,Function Pointers
CS8790,This error occurs with pattern indexer in expr tree. The precise cause is implicit indexer in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid pattern 2) Check syntax 3) Review expr trees 4) Use classic indexer 5) Consider runtime. Example: ^1 in expression tree. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8791,This error occurs with from-end in expr tree. The precise cause is ^ operator in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid ^ 2) Check syntax 3) Review expr trees 4) Use length calc 5) Consider runtime. Example: ^index in expression tree. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8792,This error occurs with range in expr tree. The precise cause is .. operator in expression tree. To avoid this error: 1) Avoid .. 2) Check syntax 3) Review expr trees 4) Use Substring 5) Consider runtime. Example: a..b in expression tree. C# topic: ,Expression Trees
CS8793,This warning occurs when pattern always matches. The precise cause is redundant pattern match. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove pattern 2) Check types 3) Review logic 4) Simplify conditions 5) Consider redesign. Example: x is int when true. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8794,This warning occurs when is pattern always. The precise cause is redundant type test. To avoid this warning: 1) Remove test 2) Check types 3) Review logic 4) Simplify conditions 5) Consider redesign. Example: x is int when int. C# topic: ,Pattern Matching
CS8795,This error occurs with partial method accessibility. The precise cause is partial method with access mods. To avoid this error: 1) Remove mods 2) Add impl 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Make non-partial. Example: private partial method. C# topic: ,Partial Methods
CS8796,This error occurs with partial method return. The precise cause is non-void return without access. To avoid this error: 1) Add access mods 2) Make void 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Make non-partial. Example: partial int Method(). C# topic: ,Partial Methods
CS8797,This error occurs with partial method out. The precise cause is out param without access mods. To avoid this error: 1) Add access mods 2) Remove out 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Make non-partial. Example: partial void Method(out x). C# topic: ,Partial Methods
CS8798,This error occurs with partial method mods. The precise cause is extended mods without access. To avoid this error: 1) Add access mods 2) Remove mods 3) Check syntax 4) Review design 5) Make non-partial. Example: partial async method. C# topic: ,Partial Methods
CS8799,This error occurs with partial accessibility diff. The precise cause is partial member access mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Match access 2) Check all parts 3) Review design 4) Align modifiers 5) Consider redesign. Example: partial access mismatch. C# topic: ,Partial Types
CS8800,This error occurs with partial mods diff. The precise cause is partial member mods mismatch. To avoid this error: 1) Match mods 2) Check all parts 3) Review design 4) Align modifiers 5) Consider redesign. Example: partial mods mismatch. C# topic: ,Partial Types
CS8326,This error occurs when a local variable declared in a top-level statement is referenced outside its scope. The compiler prevents access to locals beyond their intended lifetime. To avoid this: 1) Declare variables at the appropriate scope level 2) Use class-level fields for shared data 3) Restructure code to keep variable usage within scope 4) Avoid complex nested scopes in top-level statements 5) Consider moving logic to proper methods. Example: static void Main() { int x = 5; Method(); } void Method() { Console.Write(x); } // Error. Topic:,Top-level statements
CS8801,This error occurs when trying to reference a local variable from a simple program outside the top-level statement context. The compiler enforces scope boundaries. To avoid this: 1) Move variable declarations to class scope if needed elsewhere 2) Pass values as parameters 3) Avoid complex program structure in simple programs 4) Use return values instead of variable sharing 5) Consider proper class structure. Example: int x = 5; void Method() => Console.Write(x); // Error. Topic:,Simple programs
CS8802,This error appears when multiple compilation units contain top-level statements. The compiler requires exactly one entry point. To avoid this: 1) Ensure only one file has top-level statements 2) Use proper Main methods in other files 3) Check for accidental top-level code 4) Consolidate entry points 5) Verify project settings. Example: // File1.cs: Console.Write(1); // File2.cs: Console.Write(2); // Error. Topic:,Compilation units
CS8803,This error occurs when top-level statements appear after namespace or type declarations. The compiler requires top-level statements to come first. To avoid this: 1) Place all top-level statements before any types 2) Move code into proper methods 3) Reorganize file structure 4) Avoid mixing styles 5) Consider using traditional Main method. Example: namespace N { } Console.Write(1); // Error. Topic:,Code organization
CS8804,This error happens when a simple program declares a Main type explicitly. The compiler generates this automatically. To avoid this: 1) Remove explicit Main class 2) Use top-level statements only 3) Check for legacy code mixing 4) Verify compiler version 5) Clean up generated code. Example: class Program { static void Main() {} } // With top-level statements. Topic:,Program structure
CS8805,This error indicates the simple program isn't executable, lacking proper entry points. The compiler needs runnable code. To avoid this: 1) Add executable statements 2) Ensure proper compilation 3) Check for empty files 4) Verify project type 5) Add top-level statements. Example: // Empty file with /target:exe. Topic:,Executables
CS8806,This error occurs when using an unsupported calling convention. The compiler restricts valid calling conventions. To avoid this: 1) Check platform support 2) Use valid conventions only 3) Verify attribute usage 4) Review interop requirements 5) Consult documentation. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly(CallingConvention=123)] static void M() {}. Topic:,Interop
CS8807,This error appears with invalid function pointer calling conventions. The compiler enforces proper signatures. To avoid this: 1) Use supported conventions 2) Check delegate types 3) Verify unsafe context 4) Review syntax 5) Consult function pointer docs. Example: delegate*<void> fp = null; // Missing convention. Topic:,Function pointers
CS8808,This error occurs with invalid return type modifiers on function pointers. The compiler requires proper modifiers. To avoid this: 1) Check modifier syntax 2) Verify supported combinations 3) Review function pointer docs 4) Simplify complex signatures 5) Use explicit types. Example: delegate*<ref readonly int> fp; // Invalid. Topic:,Type modifiers
CS8809,This error indicates duplicate return type modifiers. The compiler prevents redundant modifiers. To avoid this: 1) Remove duplicate modifiers 2) Check attribute usage 3) Simplify type declarations 4) Review syntax 5) Verify intention. Example: delegate*<ref ref int> fp; // Duplicate. Topic:,Type declarations
CS8810,This error occurs when taking address of method group in expression tree. The compiler restricts this operation. To avoid this: 1) Use explicit delegates 2) Avoid address-of in LINQ 3) Convert to lambda 4) Reorganize logic 5) Check expression tree limitations. Example: Expression<Func<object>> e = () => &M;. Topic:,Expression trees
CS8811,This error appears when converting method address to incompatible delegate. The compiler enforces type safety. To avoid this: 1) Use matching delegate types 2) Check method signatures 3) Verify conversion requirements 4) Use CreateDelegate 5) Review delegate docs. Example: delegate void D(); void M(int x) => &M;. Topic:,Delegates
CS8812,This error occurs when assigning method address to non-function pointer. The compiler requires proper targets. To avoid this: 1) Use function pointer types 2) Check variable types 3) Verify unsafe context 4) Review address-of usage 5) Consider delegates. Example: int* p = &M; // Not function pointer. Topic:,Pointers
CS8813,This error indicates module initializer method isn't ordinary. The compiler requires specific method forms. To avoid this: 1) Make method static 2) Remove special attributes 3) Check method modifiers 4) Verify accessibility 5) Review initializer docs. Example: [ModuleInitializer] partial void M() {}. Topic:,Module initializers
CS8814,This error occurs when module initializer isn't accessible. The compiler requires external visibility. To avoid this: 1) Make method public 2) Check containing type 3) Verify accessibility chain 4) Remove restrictions 5) Review initializer rules. Example: [ModuleInitializer] private static void M() {}. Topic:,Accessibility
CS8815,This error appears when module initializer has wrong signature. The compiler requires static void with no parameters. To avoid this: 1) Make method static void 2) Remove parameters 3) Check return type 4) Verify modifiers 5) Follow exact pattern. Example: [ModuleInitializer] static int M() => 0;. Topic:,Method signatures
CS8816,This error occurs with generic module initializer or containing types. The compiler prohibits generics. To avoid this: 1) Remove generic parameters 2) Make containing type non-generic 3) Move initializer 4) Simplify design 5) Check constraints. Example: class C<T> { [ModuleInitializer] static void M() {} }. Topic:,Generics
CS8817,This error indicates partial method return type mismatch. The compiler requires consistency. To avoid this: 1) Align return types 2) Check all partial declarations 3) Verify signatures 4) Review method contracts 5) Consider interface usage. Example: partial class C { partial int M(); partial void M() {} }. Topic:,Partial methods
CS8818,This error occurs with ref return mismatch in partial methods. The compiler enforces return consistency. To avoid this: 1) Match ref returns 2) Check all declarations 3) Verify by-ref requirements 4) Align signatures 5) Review method usage. Example: partial class C { partial ref int M(); partial int M() => 0; }. Topic:,Ref returns
CS8819,This warning appears for nullability mismatch in partial method return. The compiler detects inconsistencies. To avoid this: 1) Align nullability 2) Check all declarations 3) Review nullable context 4) Verify annotations 5) Consider default values. Example: #nullable enable; partial class C { partial string? M(); partial string M() => ""; }. Topic:,Nullable reference types
CS8820,This error occurs when static anonymous function captures variables. The compiler prevents this for static contexts. To avoid this: 1) Remove static modifier 2) Avoid captures 3) Pass values as parameters 4) Restructure logic 5) Review lambda requirements. Example: int x = 0; Func<int> f = static () => x;. Topic:,Anonymous functions
CS8821,This error appears when static anonymous function captures 'this'. The compiler prohibits instance access. To avoid this: 1) Remove static modifier 2) Avoid instance access 3) Use class methods 4) Pass needed values 5) Review design. Example: Func<int> f = static () => this.Field;. Topic:,Lambda expressions
CS8822,This error occurs when override doesn't satisfy default constraint. The compiler enforces generic constraints. To avoid this: 1) Check base constraints 2) Verify type parameters 3) Align override signatures 4) Review generic rules 5) Consult documentation. Example: class B<T> where T : new() { public virtual void M<T>() {} } class D : B<object> { public override void M<T>() {} }. Topic:,Generic constraints
CS8823,This error indicates default constraint used only in override. The compiler restricts this usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove default constraint 2) Check base declaration 3) Verify generic requirements 4) Review override rules 5) Consider interface usage. Example: class B { public virtual void M<T>() {} } class D : B { public override void M<T>() where T : default {} }. Topic:,Constraint inheritance
CS8824,This warning appears for parameter with [NotNullIfNotNull] attribute. The compiler analyzes nullability flow. To avoid this: 1) Verify attribute usage 2) Check parameter names 3) Review nullability logic 4) Consider code flow 5) Update analysis. Example: void M([NotNullIfNotNull("x")] out string? y, string? x) { y = x; }. Topic:,Nullable analysis
CS8825,This warning occurs for return value with [NotNullIfNotNull] attribute. The compiler checks nullability contracts. To avoid this: 1) Verify attribute parameters 2) Check method logic 3) Review return paths 4) Align with parameters 5) Update analysis. Example: [return: NotNullIfNotNull("x")] string? M(string? x) => x;. Topic:,Method contracts
CS8826,This warning appears for partial method type differences. The compiler detects signature inconsistencies. To avoid this: 1) Align parameter types 2) Check all declarations 3) Verify nullability 4) Review method usage 5) Consider making non-partial. Example: partial class C { partial void M(int x); partial void M(string x) {} }. Topic:,Type consistency
CS8830,This error occurs when runtime doesn't support covariant class returns. The compiler checks platform capabilities. To avoid this: 1) Check runtime version 2) Avoid covariant returns 3) Use interfaces instead 4) Verify target framework 5) Consider alternative designs. Example: class B { public virtual B M() => null; } class D : B { public override D M() => null; }. Topic:,Covariant returns
CS8831,This error appears when runtime doesn't support covariant class properties. The compiler verifies platform support. To avoid this: 1) Check framework version 2) Avoid covariant properties 3) Use methods instead 4) Verify runtime 5) Consider interface properties. Example: class B { public virtual B P => null; } class D : B { public override D P => null; }. Topic:,Property inheritance
CS8846,This warning appears when switch expression isn't exhaustive due to 'when' clauses. The compiler detects possible missing cases. To avoid this: 1) Add all possible cases 2) Include default case 3) Simplify when clauses 4) Verify logic 5) Consider pattern completeness. Example: int i = 0; var x = i switch { 1 when DateTime.Now.Day > 0 => 0 };. Topic:,Pattern matching
CS8847,This warning occurs when switch expression doesn't handle null due to 'when' clauses. The compiler checks nullability. To avoid this: 1) Add null case 2) Check when conditions 3) Enable nullable context 4) Review patterns 5) Consider exhaustive matching. Example: string? s = null; var x = s switch { "" when true => 0 };. Topic:,Null patterns
CS8848,This warning indicates possible precedence inversion in patterns. The compiler detects confusing constructs. To avoid this: 1) Add parentheses 2) Clarify intent 3) Separate complex patterns 4) Review operator precedence 5) Simplify conditions. Example: if (o is int i && i > 0 || i < 10) {}. Topic:,Operator precedence
CS8849,This error occurs when expression tree contains 'with' expression. The compiler restricts this usage. To avoid this: 1) Avoid with in expression trees 2) Use regular constructors 3) Reorganize logic 4) Check LINQ limitations 5) Consider alternatives. Example: Expression<Func<object>> e = () => new Point() with { X = 1 };. Topic:,Expression trees
CS8850,This warning appears when analyzer references framework assemblies. The compiler detects potential version issues. To avoid this: 1) Check analyzer dependencies 2) Update analyzer version 3) Verify target framework 4) Review package references 5) Consider suppression. Example: Analyzer referencing System.Collections v6.0 in netcoreapp3.1 project. Topic:,Analyzers
CS8851,This warning occurs when record implements Equals without GetHashCode. The compiler recommends pairing these methods. To avoid this: 1) Implement GetHashCode 2) Review equality contract 3) Consider auto-generated methods 4) Check consistency 5) Follow equality patterns. Example: record R(int X) { public bool Equals(R? r) => false; }. Topic:,Record equality
CS8852,This error appears when assigning to init-only property outside initialization. The compiler enforces init restrictions. To avoid this: 1) Use object initializers 2) Set during construction 3) Check property usage 4) Review design 5) Consider mutable property. Example: var p = new Point(); p.X = 1; // X has init accessor. Topic:,Init-only
CS8853,This error occurs when changing init-only modifier in override. The compiler requires consistency. To avoid this: 1) Match base declaration 2) Remove init modifier 3) Check property hierarchy 4) Review design 5) Consider non-virtual properties. Example: class B { public virtual int P { get; init; } } class D : B { public override int P { get; set; } }. Topic:,Property overriding
CS8854,This error appears for non-overridable API in record. The compiler detects invalid override attempts. To avoid this: 1) Remove override 2) Check base modifiers 3) Review design 4) Verify sealed status 5) Consider new method. Example: record B { public void M() {} } record D : B { public override void M() {} }. Topic:,Override rules
CS8855,This error occurs with non-public API in record. The compiler enforces accessibility rules. To avoid this: 1) Make member public 2) Check base access 3) Verify inheritance 4) Review design 5) Consider explicit interface. Example: record B { protected virtual void M() {} } record D : B { public override void M() {} }. Topic:,Accessibility
CS8856,This error indicates bad init accessor usage. The compiler detects invalid init contexts. To avoid this: 1) Use only in initializers 2) Check object creation 3) Review property design 4) Verify construction paths 5) Consider constructor parameters. Example: var p = new Point(); p.InitX(1); // No init accessor. Topic:,Init accessors
CS8857,This error occurs with invalid receiver type for 'with' expression. The compiler requires cloneable types. To avoid this: 1) Check type is record 2) Verify clone pattern 3) Review type design 4) Consider manual cloning 5) Update type definition. Example: class C {}; var c = new C() with { }. Topic:,With expressions
CS8858,This error appears when type cannot be cloned in 'with' expression. The compiler checks clone capability. To avoid this: 1) Implement clone pattern 2) Make type record 3) Check accessibility 4) Review requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: record R(int X) { protected R(R original) {} }; var r = new R(0) with { X = 1 }. Topic:,Cloning
CS8859,This error occurs when clone method disallowed in record. The compiler controls record cloning. To avoid this: 1) Remove custom clone 2) Use auto-generated 3) Check record syntax 4) Review requirements 5) Follow record patterns. Example: record R(int X) { public virtual R Clone() => null; }. Topic:,Record cloning
CS8860,This warning appears for disallowed name in record. The compiler restricts certain member names. To avoid this: 1) Rename member 2) Check reserved names 3) Review record docs 4) Avoid equality conflicts 5) Use different names. Example: record R(int X) { public int EqualityContract => 0; }. Topic:,Record naming
CS8861,This error occurs with unexpected argument list in record. The compiler enforces positional syntax. To avoid this: 1) Check record syntax 2) Review parameter lists 3) Verify constructor 4) Align with properties 5) Consider classic class. Example: record R { public R(int x) {} }; var r = new R(1, 2);. Topic:,Record constructors
CS8862,This error appears when record has missing/wrong constructor initializer. The compiler checks base initialization. To avoid this: 1) Add base initializer 2) Check record hierarchy 3) Verify parameters 4) Review constructor chains 5) Consider default. Example: record R(int X); record S : R;. Topic:,Record inheritance
CS8863,This error occurs with multiple parameter lists in record. The compiler allows only one positional list. To avoid this: 1) Consolidate parameters 2) Check record syntax 3) Remove extra parentheses 4) Review design 5) Consider partial application. Example: record R(int X)(int Y);. Topic:,Record parameters
CS8864,This error indicates bad record base type. The compiler requires proper record inheritance. To avoid this: 1) Check base type is record 2) Verify accessibility 3) Review hierarchy 4) Consider composition 5) Update type definitions. Example: record R : string;. Topic:,Record base types
CS8865,This error occurs with invalid inheritance from record. The compiler enforces record rules. To avoid this: 1) Check base record 2) Verify constructors 3) Review member overrides 4) Consider sealed 5) Follow record patterns. Example: record R(int X); class C : R;. Topic:,Record derivation
CS8866,This error appears for bad record member for positional parameter. The compiler matches parameters to properties. To avoid this: 1) Align names/types 2) Check property definitions 3) Verify accessibility 4) Review record syntax 5) Consider manual properties. Example: record R(int X) { public string X => ""; }. Topic:,Positional records
CS8867,This error occurs when base type lacks copy constructor. The compiler requires clone chain. To avoid this: 1) Add base copy constructor 2) Check record hierarchy 3) Review cloning 4) Consider sealed 5) Update base type. Example: record B; record D : B { protected D(D original) : base() {} }. Topic:,Copy constructors
CS8868,This error indicates copy constructor doesn't invoke base copy. The compiler enforces proper chaining. To avoid this: 1) Call base copy constructor 2) Check parameters 3) Verify accessibility 4) Review record docs 5) Follow patterns. Example: record B; record D : B { protected D(D original) {} }. Topic:,Constructor chaining
CS8869,This error occurs when record doesn't override Object methods. The compiler requires proper equality. To avoid this: 1) Override Equals/GetHashCode 2) Check base overrides 3) Review equality 4) Consider sealed 5) Follow record patterns. Example: record R { public new virtual bool Equals(object? o) => false; }. Topic:,Object overrides
CS8870,This error appears for sealed API usage in record. The compiler detects invalid overrides. To avoid this: 1) Remove sealed modifier 2) Check base declarations 3) Review inheritance 4) Verify method signatures 5) Consider alternatives. Example: record R { public sealed override string ToString() => ""; }. Topic:,Sealed members
CS8871,This error occurs when record doesn't override base method. The compiler requires explicit overrides. To avoid this: 1) Add override modifier 2) Check base methods 3) Verify signatures 4) Review inheritance 5) Consider abstract. Example: record B { public virtual void M() {} } record D : B { public void M() {} }. Topic:,Method overriding
CS8872,This error appears for non-overridable API in record. The compiler detects invalid override attempts. To avoid this: 1) Remove override 2) Check base modifiers 3) Review design 4) Verify sealed status 5) Consider new method. Example: record B { public void M() {} } record D : B { public override void M() {} }. Topic:,Override rules
CS8873,This error occurs with non-public API in record. The compiler enforces accessibility rules. To avoid this: 1) Make member public 2) Check base access 3) Verify inheritance 4) Review design 5) Consider explicit interface. Example: record B { protected virtual void M() {} } record D : B { public override void M() {} }. Topic:,Accessibility
CS8874,This error indicates signature mismatch in record override. The compiler requires exact matches. To avoid this: 1) Align signatures exactly 2) Check parameters 3) Verify return types 4) Review base method 5) Consider interface. Example: record B { public virtual void M(int x) {} } record D : B { public override void M(string x) {} }. Topic:,Signature matching
CS8875,This error occurs with non-protected API in record. The compiler checks override accessibility. To avoid this: 1) Make member protected 2) Check base access 3) Verify inheritance chain 4) Review design 5) Consider alternatives. Example: record B { private virtual void M() {} } record D : B { protected override void M() {} }. Topic:,Protected access
CS8876,This error indicates record doesn't override equality contract. The compiler requires proper equality. To avoid this: 1) Override EqualityContract 2) Check record syntax 3) Review equality pattern 4) Consider auto-generation 5) Follow record docs. Example: record R { public new Type EqualityContract => typeof(R); }. Topic:,Record equality
CS8877,This error occurs with static API in record. The compiler detects invalid overrides. To avoid this: 1) Remove static modifier 2) Check base method 3) Verify instance access 4) Review design 5) Consider new method. Example: record B { public static virtual void M() {} } record D : B { public override void M() {} }. Topic:,Static members
CS8878,This error indicates copy constructor has wrong accessibility. The compiler requires protected. To avoid this: 1) Make constructor protected 2) Check record docs 3) Verify cloning 4) Review design 5) Follow patterns. Example: record R { public R(R original) {} }. Topic:,Copy constructors
CS8879,This error occurs with non-private API in record. The compiler enforces member rules. To avoid this: 1) Make member private 2) Check record syntax 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: record R { public int _field; }. Topic:,Record members
CS8880,This warning appears for unassigned auto-property in older versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign default value 2) Set in constructor 3) Update compiler version 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { public int P { get; } }. Topic:,Definite assignment
CS8881,This warning occurs for unassigned 'this' in older versions. The compiler detects initialization flow. To avoid this: 1) Assign all fields 2) Check constructors 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,Field initialization
CS8882,This warning appears for unassigned parameter. The compiler detects potential usage before assignment. To avoid this: 1) Assign parameter first 2) Check logic flow 3) Review method body 4) Consider default value 5) Verify usage. Example: void M(int x) { if (x == 0) x = 1; Console.Write(x); }. Topic:,Parameter usage
CS8883,This warning occurs for use-before-assignment of auto-property. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Initialize property 2) Check constructor 3) Review access timing 4) Consider nullable 5) Verify defaults. Example: class C { public int P { get; } void M() => Console.Write(P); }. Topic:,Property access
CS8884,This warning appears for use-before-assignment of field. The compiler detects initialization flow. To avoid this: 1) Initialize field 2) Check constructors 3) Review access 4) Consider nullable 5) Verify timing. Example: class C { int x; void M() => Console.Write(x); }. Topic:,Field access
CS8885,This warning occurs for 'this' usage before assignment in older versions. The compiler detects initialization order. To avoid this: 1) Assign fields first 2) Check constructor 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; public C() { M(); x = 1; } void M() => Console.Write(x); }. Topic:,This access
CS8886,This warning appears for unassigned out parameter usage. The compiler detects potential issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign out parameter 2) Check all paths 3) Review method logic 4) Consider returns 5) Verify usage. Example: void M(out int x) { if (false) x = 1; Console.Write(x); }. Topic:,Out parameters
CS8887,This warning occurs for general use-before-assignment. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign variable first 2) Check logic flow 3) Review all paths 4) Consider defaults 5) Verify usage. Example: int x; if (false) x = 1; Console.Write(x);. Topic:,Definite assignment
CS8888,This error appears when mixing managed/unmanaged specifiers. The compiler enforces clear conventions. To avoid this: 1) Use only one convention 2) Check calling syntax 3) Review interop needs 4) Verify attributes 5) Consult docs. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly(ManagedType = true)]. Topic:,Calling conventions
CS8889,This error occurs when runtime doesn't support unmanaged default calling convention. The compiler checks platform support. To avoid this: 1) Check framework version 2) Specify explicit convention 3) Verify target platform 4) Review interop 5) Consider alternatives. Example: delegate* unmanaged<int> f;. Topic:,Platform compatibility
CS8890,This error indicates type not found for interop. The compiler requires available types. To avoid this: 1) Check type existence 2) Verify references 3) Review using directives 4) Check accessibility 5) Consider type forwarding. Example: [DllImport("lib", ReturnType = typeof(MissingType))]. Topic:,Type resolution
CS8891,This error occurs when type isn't public for interop. The compiler requires accessible types. To avoid this: 1) Make type public 2) Check accessibility 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider wrapper. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M() {} in internal class. Topic:,Type accessibility
CS8892,This warning appears for both sync/async entry points. The compiler detects multiple Main methods. To avoid this: 1) Keep one entry point 2) Check for accidental async Main 3) Review project settings 4) Verify startup 5) Consider explicit selection. Example: static void Main() {} static async Task MainAsync() {}. Topic:,Entry points
CS8893,This error occurs with invalid UnmanagedCallersOnly calling convention. The compiler enforces valid values. To avoid this: 1) Use supported convention 2) Check attribute usage 3) Review docs 4) Verify platform 5) Consider alternatives. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly(CallingConvention = 999)]. Topic:,Attribute arguments
CS8894,This error appears when using managed type in UnmanagedCallersOnly. The compiler restricts to unmanaged types. To avoid this: 1) Use primitive types 2) Check parameter types 3) Review method signature 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider marshaling. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M(string s) {}. Topic:,Unmanaged code
CS8895,This error occurs when UnmanagedCallersOnly method or type is generic. The compiler prohibits generics. To avoid this: 1) Remove generic parameters 2) Make concrete types 3) Review design 4) Check constraints 5) Consider non-generic. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M<T>() {}. Topic:,Generics restriction
CS8896,This error indicates UnmanagedCallersOnly requires static method. The compiler enforces static context. To avoid this: 1) Make method static 2) Remove instance access 3) Check modifiers 4) Review design 5) Consider delegates. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] void M() {}. Topic:,Static methods
CS8897,This warning appears for parameter being static class. The compiler detects potentially unintended usage. To avoid this: 1) Check parameter type 2) Verify intention 3) Review method usage 4) Consider instance type 5) Update signature. Example: void M(MyStaticClass x) {}. Topic:,Static classes
CS8898,This warning occurs when return type is static class. The compiler detects potentially unintended usage. To avoid this: 1) Check return type 2) Verify design 3) Review method usage 4) Consider instance type 5) Update signature. Example: MyStaticClass M() => null;. Topic:,Return types
CS8899,This error appears when entry point is UnmanagedCallersOnly. The compiler requires managed entry. To avoid this: 1) Remove attribute 2) Create wrapper Main 3) Review startup 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void Main() {}. Topic:,Application startup
CS8900,This error occurs when module initializer is UnmanagedCallersOnly. The compiler requires managed context. To avoid this: 1) Remove attribute 2) Check initializer 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: [ModuleInitializer][UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M() {}. Topic:,Module initialization
CS8901,This error indicates UnmanagedCallersOnly methods can't be called directly. The compiler restricts invocation. To avoid this: 1) Use function pointer 2) Check invocation 3) Review interop 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider wrapper. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M() {} void Call() => M();. Topic:,Method invocation
CS8902,This error occurs when converting UnmanagedCallersOnly to delegate. The compiler prohibits this conversion. To avoid this: 1) Use function pointer 2) Check delegate usage 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider wrapper. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M() {} Action a = M;. Topic:,Delegate conversion
CS8903,This error appears when init accessor is readonly. The compiler requires settable backing. To avoid this: 1) Remove readonly 2) Check property 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider init-only field. Example: class C { public readonly int P { get; init; } }. Topic:,Init accessors
CS8904,This error occurs with unexpected variance in static member. The compiler detects invalid usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove variance 2) Check member type 3) Review design 4) Verify generic params 5) Consider instance member. Example: interface I<out T> { static T M() => default; }. Topic:,Variance rules
CS8905,This error appears when calling function pointer with named arguments. The compiler prohibits this syntax. To avoid this: 1) Use positional args 2) Check invocation 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider delegate. Example: delegate*<int, void> f; f(arg: 1);. Topic:,Function pointers
CS8906,This error indicates record equality contract lacks getter. The compiler requires accessible getter. To avoid this: 1) Add get accessor 2) Check property 3) Review equality 4) Verify accessibility 5) Follow record patterns. Example: record R { protected abstract Type EqualityContract { set; } }. Topic:,Record contracts
CS8907,This warning appears for unread record parameter. The compiler detects unused positional parameters. To avoid this: 1) Use parameter 2) Check property 3) Remove if unused 4) Review design 5) Consider classic class. Example: record R(int X) { }. Topic:,Record parameters
CS8908,This error occurs with bad field type in record. The compiler enforces record rules. To avoid this: 1) Change field type 2) Check equality 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider property. Example: record R(delegate*<int> Field);. Topic:,Record fields
CS8909,This warning appears for function pointer comparison. The compiler detects potentially unsafe operation. To avoid this: 1) Avoid comparison 2) Check intention 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider delegates. Example: delegate*<int> f1, f2; if (f1 == f2) {}. Topic:,Pointer comparison
CS8910,This error indicates ambiguous record constructor. The compiler detects multiple matches. To avoid this: 1) Disambiguate parameters 2) Check types 3) Review constructors 4) Verify usage 5) Consider named args. Example: record R(int X, int Y) { public R(int x, string y) {} }; new R(1, 2);. Topic:,Constructor resolution
CS8911,This error occurs with function pointer types in attributes. The compiler prohibits this usage. To avoid this: 1) Use delegate type 2) Check attribute 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: [MyAttr(typeof(delegate*<int>))]. Topic:,Attribute arguments
CS8912,This error appears when inheriting from record with sealed ToString. The compiler prevents override. To avoid this: 1) Remove sealed in base 2) Check base record 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider composition. Example: record B { public sealed override string ToString() => ""; } record D : B;. Topic:,Record inheritance
CS8913,This error occurs with hidden positional member in record. The compiler detects name conflicts. To avoid this: 1) Rename member 2) Check parameters 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider classic class. Example: record R(int X) { public int X => 0; }. Topic:,Member hiding
CS8914,This error appears for global using in namespace. The compiler requires top-level usage. To avoid this: 1) Move outside namespace 2) Check syntax 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider regular using. Example: namespace N { global using System; }. Topic:,Global usings
CS8915,This error occurs when global using is out of order. The compiler requires proper ordering. To avoid this: 1) Move before code 2) Check file layout 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Organize usings. Example: int x = 0; global using System;. Topic:,Using directives
CS8916,This error indicates attributes require parenthesized lambda. The compiler enforces syntax rules. To avoid this: 1) Add parentheses 2) Check syntax 3) Review attributes 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider statement lambda. Example: [MyAttr] x => x.ToString();. Topic:,Lambda expressions
CS8917,This error occurs when cannot infer delegate type. The compiler needs explicit type context. To avoid this: 1) Add type annotation 2) Check context 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Use explicit delegate. Example: var f = static x => x;. Topic:,Type inference
CS8918,This error appears for invalid name in subpattern. The compiler detects syntax issues. To avoid this: 1) Fix name 2) Check pattern 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider simple pattern. Example: if (o is { _field: 0 }) {}. Topic:,Pattern matching
CS8919,This error occurs when runtime doesn't support static abstracts in interfaces. The compiler checks platform support. To avoid this: 1) Check framework version 2) Remove static abstract 3) Verify target platform 4) Review design 5) Consider alternatives. Example: interface I { static abstract void M(); }. Topic:,Platform features
CS8920,This error appears when generic constraint not satisfied for interface with static abstracts. The compiler enforces constraints. To avoid this: 1) Implement static member 2) Check constraints 3) Review interface 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider abstract class. Example: void M<T>() where T : I { T.M(); }. Topic:,Generic constraints
CS8921,This error indicates bad abstract unary operator signature. The compiler requires proper operator forms. To avoid this: 1) Fix signature 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator rules 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider static method. Example: interface I { static abstract int operator +(I i); }. Topic:,Operator overloading
CS8922,This error occurs with bad abstract increment/decrement signature. The compiler enforces operator rules. To avoid this: 1) Fix signature 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator docs 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: interface I { static abstract I operator ++(I i, int x); }. Topic:,Operator overloading
CS8923,This error appears for bad abstract increment/decrement return type. The compiler requires containing type. To avoid this: 1) Change return type 2) Check operator rules 3) Review interface 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider void. Example: interface I { static abstract int operator ++(I i); }. Topic:,Return types
CS8924,This error indicates bad abstract binary operator signature. The compiler detects invalid forms. To avoid this: 1) Fix signature 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator rules 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider static method. Example: interface I { static abstract int operator +(I i); }. Topic:,Binary operators
CS8925,This error occurs with bad abstract shift operator signature. The compiler enforces proper forms. To avoid this: 1) Fix signature 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator docs 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: interface I { static abstract I operator <<(I i); }. Topic:,Shift operators
CS8926,This error appears for bad abstract static member access. The compiler detects invalid usage. To avoid this: 1) Fix access syntax 2) Check member type 3) Review interface 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider instance member. Example: interface I { static abstract int P; } int x = I.P;. Topic:,Static access
CS8927,This error occurs when expression tree contains abstract static access. The compiler restricts this usage. To avoid this: 1) Avoid in expression trees 2) Check member access 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use constant. Example: Expression<Func<int>> e = () => I.P;. Topic:,Expression trees
CS8928,This error indicates interface member not implemented as static. The compiler requires exact matches. To avoid this: 1) Make member static 2) Check interface 3) Review implementation 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider explicit impl. Example: interface I { static abstract void M(); } class C : I { public void M() {} }. Topic:,Interface implementation
CS8929,This error occurs when runtime doesn't support static abstracts for member. The compiler checks platform support. To avoid this: 1) Check framework version 2) Remove static abstract 3) Verify target platform 4) Review design 5) Consider alternatives. Example: interface I { static abstract void M(); } class C : I { static void M() {} }. Topic:,Platform compatibility
CS8930,This error appears when explicit operator implementation not static. The compiler requires static operators. To avoid this: 1) Add static modifier 2) Check operator 3) Review interface 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider implicit. Example: interface I { static abstract I operator +(I a, I b); } class C : I { public static C operator +(C a, C b) => null; }. Topic:,Operator overloading
CS8931,This error indicates abstract conversion not involving contained type. The compiler requires proper conversions. To avoid this: 1) Include containing type 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator rules 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: interface I { static abstract operator int(I i); }. Topic:,Conversion operators
CS8932,This error occurs when interface implemented by UnmanagedCallersOnly method. The compiler prohibits this combination. To avoid this: 1) Remove attribute 2) Create wrapper 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider explicit impl. Example: interface I { void M(); } class C : I { [UnmanagedCallersOnly] public void M() {} }. Topic:,Interface implementation
CS8933,This warning appears for duplicate global using. The compiler detects redundant directives. To avoid this: 1) Remove duplicate 2) Check usings 3) Review imports 4) Verify requirements 5) Organize directives. Example: global using System; global using System;. Topic:,Global usings
CS8934,This error occurs when cannot convert anonymous method return type. The compiler detects type mismatches. To avoid this: 1) Fix return type 2) Check delegate 3) Review lambda 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider explicit delegate. Example: Func<string> f = delegate() { return 0; };. Topic:,Lambda expressions
CS8935,This error appears when builder attribute disallowed. The compiler restricts attribute usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove attribute 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: [AsyncMethodBuilder(typeof(B))] void M() {}. Topic:,Custom builders
CS8936,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 10. The compiler checks language version. To avoid this: 1) Update language version 2) Check feature 3) Review requirements 4) Verify compatibility 5) Consider alternative. Example: #error version. Topic:,Language features
CS8937,This error indicates simple program is empty. The compiler requires executable code. To avoid this: 1) Add statements 2) Check file 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider Main method. Example: // Empty file with /target:exe. Topic:,Program structure
CS8938,This error occurs with invalid value in line span directive. The compiler enforces valid line ranges. To avoid this: 1) Fix line numbers 2) Check syntax 3) Review directives 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: #line 1 "file" -1. Topic:,Line directives
CS8939,This error appears when line span end less than start. The compiler requires valid ranges. To avoid this: 1) Fix line numbers 2) Check order 3) Review directives 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: #line 10 "file" 5. Topic:,Line directives
CS8940,This error occurs with wrong arity async return. The compiler detects type mismatches. To avoid this: 1) Fix return type 2) Check async method 3) Review generics 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider non-generic. Example: async Task<T> M() { return 0; }. Topic:,Async methods
CS8941,This error indicates malformed interpolated string handler method return. The compiler requires proper forms. To avoid this: 1) Fix return type 2) Check handler 3) Review attributes 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandler] class H { public H(int literalLength, int formattedCount, bool b = false) {} }. Topic:,String interpolation
CS8942,This error occurs with inconsistent interpolated string handler return. The compiler detects signature issues. To avoid this: 1) Align returns 2) Check methods 3) Review handler 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow docs. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandler] class H { public static H Create() => null; public H(int l, int f) {} }. Topic:,Method consistency
CS8943,This error appears for null interpolated string handler argument name. The compiler requires valid names. To avoid this: 1) Provide name 2) Check parameter 3) Review attributes 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument(null)] void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) {}. Topic:,Attribute arguments
CS8944,This error occurs with non-instance interpolated string handler argument. The compiler requires instance members. To avoid this: 1) Use instance member 2) Check context 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider static. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument(nameof(MyStaticField))] void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) {}. Topic:,Member access
CS8945,This error indicates invalid interpolated string handler argument name. The compiler detects syntax issues. To avoid this: 1) Fix name 2) Check parameter 3) Review attributes 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument("")] void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) {}. Topic:,String interpolation
CS8946,This error occurs when type isn't interpolated string handler. The compiler requires proper attributes. To avoid this: 1) Add attribute 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow docs. Example: void M(H h) where H : not [InterpolatedStringHandler]. Topic:,Custom handlers
CS8947,This warning appears for parameter after interpolated string handler. The compiler detects ordering issues. To avoid this: 1) Reorder parameters 2) Check handler 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider grouping. Example: void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h, int x) {}. Topic:,Parameter ordering
CS8948,This error occurs when using self as interpolated string handler argument. The compiler prohibits circular references. To avoid this: 1) Remove self 2) Check arguments 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider factory. Example: void M([InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument(nameof(M))] H h) {}. Topic:,Circular references
CS8949,This error indicates malformed interpolated string handler argument attribute. The compiler detects syntax issues. To avoid this: 1) Fix attribute 2) Check syntax 3) Review docs 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument] void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) {}. Topic:,Attribute syntax
CS8950,This error appears when interpolated string handler argument is after string. The compiler requires proper ordering. To avoid this: 1) Reorder parameters 2) Check handler 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Group related. Example: void M(string s, [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument("s")] H h) {}. Topic:,Parameter ordering
CS8951,This error occurs when optional interpolated string handler argument not specified. The compiler requires explicit values. To avoid this: 1) Provide argument 2) Check parameters 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Make required. Example: [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument] void M([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) {}. Topic:,Optional parameters
CS8952,This error indicates expression tree contains interpolated string handler conversion. The compiler restricts this usage. To avoid this: 1) Avoid in expression trees 2) Check conversion 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use regular string. Example: Expression<Func<string>> e = () => $"";. Topic:,Expression trees
CS8953,This error occurs when interpolated string handler creation uses dynamic. The compiler prohibits dynamic usage. To avoid this: 1) Use static type 2) Check handler 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Avoid dynamic. Example: dynamic d = null; var s = $"{d}";. Topic:,Dynamic binding
CS8954,This error appears for multiple file-scoped namespaces. The compiler allows only one per file. To avoid this: 1) Consolidate namespaces 2) Check files 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use regular namespaces. Example: namespace N1; namespace N2;. Topic:,Namespace syntax
CS8955,This error occurs when mixing file-scoped and normal namespaces. The compiler requires consistent usage. To avoid this: 1) Choose one style 2) Check files 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Standardize approach. Example: namespace N1; namespace N2 { }. Topic:,Namespace styles
CS8956,This error indicates file-scoped namespace not before members. The compiler requires proper ordering. To avoid this: 1) Move namespace first 2) Check file layout 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Organize code. Example: class C {} namespace N;. Topic:,Code organization
CS8957,This error occurs with no implicit conversion for target-typed conditional. The compiler detects type mismatches. To avoid this: 1) Add explicit cast 2) Check types 3) Review expression 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider separate vars. Example: var x = true ? new C1() : new C2();. Topic:,Type conversion
CS8958,This error appears for non-public parameterless struct constructor. The compiler requires public visibility. To avoid this: 1) Make constructor public 2) Check modifiers 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider class. Example: struct S { internal S() {} }. Topic:,Struct constructors
CS8959,This error occurs when no conversion for CallerArgumentExpression parameter. The compiler requires string conversion. To avoid this: 1) Change parameter type 2) Check attribute 3) Review usage 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider string. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression] int x = 0) {}. Topic:,Caller info
CS8960,This warning appears when CallerLineNumber preferred over CallerArgumentExpression. The compiler detects better alternatives. To avoid this: 1) Use line number 2) Check attributes 3) Review usage 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression] string s = "", [CallerLineNumber] int line = 0) {}. Topic:,Attribute selection
CS8961,This warning occurs when CallerFilePath preferred over CallerArgumentExpression. The compiler suggests better options. To avoid this: 1) Use file path 2) Check attributes 3) Review usage 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression] string s = "", [CallerFilePath] string path = "") {}. Topic:,Caller info
CS8962,This warning appears when CallerMemberName preferred over CallerArgumentExpression. The compiler detects better alternatives. To avoid this: 1) Use member name 2) Check attributes 3) Review usage 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression] string s = "", [CallerMemberName] string name = "") {}. Topic:,Attribute selection
CS8963,This warning indicates CallerArgumentExpression has invalid parameter name. The compiler detects reference issues. To avoid this: 1) Fix parameter name 2) Check references 3) Review usage 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: void M(int x, [CallerArgumentExpression("y")] string s = "") {}. Topic:,Parameter references
CS8964,This error occurs when CallerArgumentExpression parameter lacks default value. The compiler requires optional parameters. To avoid this: 1) Add default value 2) Check parameter 3) Review attribute 4) Verify requirements 5) Make optional. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression("x")] string s) {}. Topic:,Optional parameters
CS8965,This warning appears for self-referential CallerArgumentExpression. The compiler detects circular references. To avoid this: 1) Remove self-reference 2) Check parameter 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression("s")] string s = "") {}. Topic:,Circular references
CS8966,This warning occurs when CallerArgumentExpression parameter unused. The compiler detects unnecessary attributes. To avoid this: 1) Use parameter 2) Remove attribute 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider logging. Example: void M([CallerArgumentExpression("x")] string s = "") { var x = 0; }. Topic:,Attribute usage
CS8967,This error indicates newlines in non-verbatim interpolated string. The compiler requires verbatim for multiline. To avoid this: 1) Add @ prefix 2) Remove newlines 3) Check string 4) Review design 5) Use concatenation. Example: string s = $"Line 1{Environment.NewLine}Line 2";. Topic:,String literals
CS8968,This error occurs when attribute type argument is type parameter. The compiler prohibits generic attributes. To avoid this: 1) Use concrete type 2) Check attribute 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider factory. Example: [MyAttr(typeof(T))] class C<T> {}. Topic:,Attribute arguments
CS8970,This error indicates attribute depends on type parameter. The compiler restricts generic usage. To avoid this: 1) Use concrete type 2) Check attribute 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider non-generic. Example: class C<T> { [MyAttr(typeof(T))] void M() {} }. Topic:,Generic attributes
CS8971,This warning appears when interpolated string handler attribute ignored on lambda parameters. The compiler detects invalid usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove attribute 2) Check lambda 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use method. Example: Action<H> a = ([InterpolatedStringHandler] H h) => {};. Topic:,Lambda attributes
CS8972,This error occurs when lambda with attributes converted to expression tree. The compiler restricts this conversion. To avoid this: 1) Remove attributes 2) Check conversion 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use delegate. Example: Expression<Action> e = [MyAttr] () => {};. Topic:,Expression trees
CS8973,This warning appears for compile-time checked overflow. The compiler detects constant overflow. To avoid this: 1) Fix constant 2) Check ranges 3) Review calculations 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider unchecked. Example: int x = int.MaxValue + 1;. Topic:,Arithmetic overflow
CS8974,This warning occurs when method group converted to non-delegate. The compiler detects potential issues. To avoid this: 1) Use delegate type 2) Check conversion 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider invocation. Example: var x = Console.Write;. Topic:,Method groups
CS8975,This error indicates lambda with explicit return type var. The compiler requires concrete types. To avoid this: 1) Specify type 2) Check return 3) Review lambda 4) Verify requirements 5) Use implicit return. Example: var f = int () => var x = 0; x;. Topic:,Lambda expressions
CS8976,This error occurs when interpolated string references instance in object initializer. The compiler restricts this usage. To avoid this: 1) Move to constructor 2) Check initialization 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use regular string. Example: new C { S = $"{Field}" };. Topic:,Object initializers
CS8977,This error appears when using ref in UnmanagedCallersOnly method. The compiler prohibits managed references. To avoid this: 1) Remove ref 2) Check parameters 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider value. Example: [UnmanagedCallersOnly] static void M(ref int x) {}. Topic:,Unmanaged code
CS8978,This error occurs when type cannot be made nullable. The compiler restricts nullable usage. To avoid this: 1) Use non-nullable 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider wrapper. Example: T? M<T>() where T : notnull => default;. Topic:,Nullable types
CS8979,This error indicates unsupported type for list pattern. The compiler requires enumerable types. To avoid this: 1) Change type 2) Check pattern 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider array. Example: if (new MyNonEnumerable() is [1, 2]) {}. Topic:,List patterns
CS8980,This error occurs with misplaced slice pattern. The compiler requires proper pattern syntax. To avoid this: 1) Fix pattern 2) Check syntax 3) Review docs 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: if (array is [.., 1, ..]) {}. Topic:,Slice patterns
CS8981,This warning appears for lowercase type name. The compiler detects naming convention violation. To avoid this: 1) PascalCase name 2) Check naming 3) Review guidelines 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider rename. Example: class myType {}. Topic:,Naming conventions
CS8982,This error indicates record struct constructor calls default constructor. The compiler requires proper initialization. To avoid this: 1) Call primary constructor 2) Check struct 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: record struct S(int X) { public S() : this() {} }. Topic:,Record structs
CS8983,This error occurs when struct has initializers but no constructor. The compiler requires explicit constructor. To avoid this: 1) Add constructor 2) Check initializers 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider class. Example: struct S { int X = 0; }. Topic:,Field initializers
CS8985,This error appears when list pattern requires Length property. The compiler checks countable types. To avoid this: 1) Add Length/Count 2) Check type 3) Review pattern 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider array. Example: if (new MyCollection() is [1, 2]) {}. Topic:,Collection patterns
CS8986,This error occurs with scoped mismatch in parameter of target. The compiler enforces lifetime safety. To avoid this: 1) Align scoped modifiers 2) Check parameters 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: delegate void D(scoped ref int x); void M(ref int x) => new D(M);. Topic:,Ref safety
CS8987,This error indicates scoped mismatch in parameter of override. The compiler requires exact matches. To avoid this: 1) Align scoped modifiers 2) Check base method 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow base. Example: class B { public virtual void M(scoped ref int x) {} } class D : B { public override void M(ref int x) {} }. Topic:,Method overriding
CS8988,This error occurs with scoped mismatch in partial method. The compiler requires consistency. To avoid this: 1) Align scoped modifiers 2) Check all parts 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: partial class C { partial void M(scoped ref int x); partial void M(ref int x) {} }. Topic:,Partial methods
CS8996,This error appears for raw string not in directives. The compiler restricts usage contexts. To avoid this: 1) Move to directive 2) Check syntax 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use regular string. Example: #const s = """text""";. Topic:,Directives
CS8997,This error indicates unterminated raw string. The compiler requires proper delimiters. To avoid this: 1) Add closing quotes 2) Check string 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance quotes. Example: string s = """text;. Topic:,String literals
CS8998,This error occurs with too many quotes for raw string. The compiler enforces delimiter rules. To avoid this: 1) Reduce quotes 2) Check content 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance delimiters. Example: string s = """"text""";. Topic:,String delimiters
CS8999,This error appears when line doesn't start with same whitespace. The compiler requires consistent indentation. To avoid this: 1) Align whitespace 2) Check indentation 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Use same indent. Example: string s = """\n  line1\n line2""";. Topic:,String indentation
CS9000,This error indicates raw string delimiter on own line. The compiler requires proper formatting. To avoid this: 1) Move delimiter 2) Check syntax 3) Review docs 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: string s = """\n text\n """;. Topic:,String formatting
CS9001,This error occurs when raw string in verbatim interpolated strings. The compiler prohibits mixing syntax. To avoid this: 1) Choose one style 2) Check string 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use consistent. Example: string s = $@"""text""";. Topic:,String syntax
CS9002,This error appears for raw string without content. The compiler requires non-empty strings. To avoid this: 1) Add content 2) Check string 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use String.Empty. Example: string s = """""";. Topic:,String content
CS9003,This error indicates line contains different whitespace. The compiler requires consistent indentation. To avoid this: 1) Align whitespace 2) Check tabs/spaces 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Standardize. Example: string s = """\n \tline1\n  line2""";. Topic:,String whitespace
CS9004,This error occurs with not enough quotes for raw string. The compiler requires sufficient delimiters. To avoid this: 1) Add quotes 2) Check content 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance delimiters. Example: string s = ""text""";. Topic:,String delimiters
CS9005,This error appears when not enough close braces for raw string. The compiler requires balanced interpolation. To avoid this: 1) Add braces 2) Check interpolation 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance braces. Example: string s = $"""{1";. Topic:,String interpolation
CS9006,This error indicates too many open braces for raw string. The compiler detects unbalanced interpolation. To avoid this: 1) Remove braces 2) Check interpolation 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance braces. Example: string s = $"""{1}""";. Topic:,String interpolation
CS9007,This error occurs with too many close braces for raw string. The compiler detects unbalanced interpolation. To avoid this: 1) Remove braces 2) Check interpolation 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Balance braces. Example: string s = $"""1}""";. Topic:,String interpolation
CS9008,This error appears for illegal @ sequence in raw string. The compiler restricts special sequences. To avoid this: 1) Remove @ 2) Check string 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Use regular quotes. Example: string s = """@""";. Topic:,String syntax
CS9009,This error indicates string must start with quote character. The compiler requires proper string literals. To avoid this: 1) Add opening quote 2) Check syntax 3) Review string 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: string s = text""";. Topic:,String literals
CS9010,This error occurs with no enum constraint. The compiler requires specific constraint forms. To avoid this: 1) Add enum constraint 2) Check generic 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider pattern. Example: void M<T>() where T : enum {}. Topic:,Generic constraints
CS9011,This error appears for no delegate constraint. The compiler requires specific constraint forms. To avoid this: 1) Add delegate constraint 2) Check generic 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider pattern. Example: void M<T>() where T : delegate {}. Topic:,Generic constraints
CS9012,This error indicates misplaced record keyword. The compiler requires proper syntax. To avoid this: 1) Fix syntax 2) Check position 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: record class C {}. Topic:,Record syntax
CS9013,This error occurs when pattern Span<char> cannot be string null. The compiler requires non-null matching. To avoid this: 1) Remove null check 2) Check pattern 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use string empty. Example: if (span is null) {}. Topic:,Span patterns
CS9014,This error appears for use-before-assignment of property in older versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign property 2) Check constructor 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { public int P { get; } void M() => P.ToString(); }. Topic:,Property access
CS9015,This error occurs for use-before-assignment of field in older versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign field 2) Check constructor 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,Field access
CS9016,This warning appears for use-before-assignment of property in older versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign property 2) Check constructor 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { public int P { get; } void M() => P.ToString(); }. Topic:,Property access
CS9017,This warning occurs for use-before-assignment of field in older versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign field 2) Check constructor 3) Update compiler 4) Review initialization 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,Field access
CS9018,This warning appears for use-before-assignment of property in newer versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign property 2) Check constructor 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { public int P { get; } void M() => P.ToString(); }. Topic:,Definite assignment
CS9019,This warning occurs for use-before-assignment of field in newer versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign field 2) Check constructor 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,Definite assignment
CS9020,This warning appears for use-before-assignment of 'this' in newer versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign fields 2) Check constructor 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; public C() { M(); x = 1; } void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,This access
CS9021,This warning occurs for unassigned auto-property in newer versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign default 2) Set in constructor 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { public int P { get; } }. Topic:,Auto-properties
CS9022,This warning appears for unassigned 'this' in newer versions. The compiler detects initialization issues. To avoid this: 1) Assign fields 2) Check constructor 3) Review initialization 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider nullable. Example: class C { int x; void M() => x.ToString(); }. Topic:,This access
CS9023,This error indicates operator can't be checked. The compiler restricts operator overloading. To avoid this: 1) Remove checked 2) Check operator 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider method. Example: public static C operator checked +(C a, C b) => null;. Topic:,Checked operators
CS9024,This error occurs when implicit conversion operator can't be checked. The compiler restricts conversion forms. To avoid this: 1) Remove checked 2) Check operator 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider explicit. Example: public static implicit checked operator C(int i) => null;. Topic:,Conversion operators
CS9025,This error appears when checked operator lacks match. The compiler requires unchecked counterpart. To avoid this: 1) Add unchecked 2) Check operators 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: public static C operator checked +(C a, C b) => null;. Topic:,Operator pairs
CS9026,This error indicates type cannot be converted to UTF8. The compiler restricts byte conversions. To avoid this: 1) Use supported type 2) Check conversion 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider Encoding. Example: byte[] b = (byte[])"text";. Topic:,String encoding
CS9027,This error occurs with misplaced unchecked context. The compiler requires proper syntax. To avoid this: 1) Fix syntax 2) Check context 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: unchecked int x = 1;. Topic:,Checked context
CS9028,This error appears when line span directive requires space. The compiler enforces proper syntax. To avoid this: 1) Add space 2) Check directive 3) Review syntax 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: #line 1"file". Topic:,Line directives
CS9029,This error indicates required name disallowed. The compiler restricts naming contexts. To avoid this: 1) Rename member 2) Check context 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider alternatives. Example: class C { required required int P; }. Topic:,Member names
CS9030,This error occurs when override must have required members. The compiler enforces required inheritance. To avoid this: 1) Add required 2) Check base 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow base. Example: class B { public virtual required int P { get; set; } } class D : B { public override int P { get; set; } }. Topic:,Member overriding
CS9031,This error appears when required member cannot be hidden. The compiler prevents accidental hiding. To avoid this: 1) Remove new 2) Check inheritance 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider override. Example: class B { public required int P; } class D : B { public new int P; }. Topic:,Member hiding
CS9032,This error indicates required member cannot be less visible. The compiler enforces accessibility rules. To avoid this: 1) Increase visibility 2) Check access 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow base. Example: public class B { protected required int P; } class D : B { private required int P; }. Topic:,Accessibility
CS9033,This error occurs with explicit required member. The compiler requires implicit properties. To avoid this: 1) Remove explicit 2) Check property 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use auto-property. Example: class C { required int P { get => 0; set {} } }. Topic:,Property syntax
CS9034,This error appears when required member must be settable. The compiler enforces write capability. To avoid this: 1) Add setter 2) Check property 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider init. Example: class C { required int P { get; } }. Topic:,Property accessors
CS9035,This error indicates required member must be set. The compiler enforces initialization. To avoid this: 1) Initialize member 2) Check constructor 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Set all required. Example: class C { required int P; }. Topic:,Object initialization
CS9036,This error occurs when required members must be assigned value. The compiler enforces initialization. To avoid this: 1) Assign all required 2) Check construction 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use initializer. Example: new C(); class C { required int P; }. Topic:,Object creation
CS9037,This error appears for invalid required members. The compiler detects malformed usage. To avoid this: 1) Fix required usage 2) Check members 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: class C { static required int P; }. Topic:,Required members
CS9038,This error indicates required members base type invalid. The compiler checks inheritance rules. To avoid this: 1) Fix base type 2) Check hierarchy 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider interface. Example: class B { } class D : B { required int P; }. Topic:,Type inheritance
CS9039,This error occurs when chaining to SetsRequiredMembers requires attribute. The compiler verifies initialization. To avoid this: 1) Add attribute 2) Check constructor 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Mark chain. Example: class C { public C() : this(0) {} public C(int x) { P = x; } public required int P; }. Topic:,Constructor chaining
CS9040,This error appears when new constraint cannot have required members. The compiler restricts generic usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove required 2) Check generic 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider factory. Example: class C<T> where T : new() { public required T F; }. Topic:,Generic constraints
CS9041,This error indicates unsupported compiler feature. The compiler detects version mismatch. To avoid this: 1) Update compiler 2) Check feature 3) Review requirements 4) Verify compatibility 5) Consider alternative. Example: #error feature. Topic:,Language features
CS9042,This warning appears when obsolete members shouldn't be required. The compiler detects questionable design. To avoid this: 1) Remove required 2) Check obsolete 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider removal. Example: class C { [Obsolete] public required int P; }. Topic:,Obsolete members
CS9043,This error occurs with ref-returning properties cannot be required. The compiler restricts ref returns. To avoid this: 1) Remove required 2) Check property 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider value return. Example: class C { public required ref int P => ref _field; int _field; }. Topic:,Ref returns
CS9044,This error indicates implicit implementation of inaccessible member. The compiler requires visibility. To avoid this: 1) Make interface public 2) Check access 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Use explicit impl. Example: class C : I { public void M() {} } internal interface I { void M(); }. Topic:,Interface implementation
CS9045,This error appears when scripts/submissions cannot have required members. The compiler restricts usage contexts. To avoid this: 1) Remove required 2) Check context 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider class. Example: #load "file.csx" with required members. Topic:,Script contexts
CS9046,This error indicates bad abstract equality operator signature. The compiler requires proper forms. To avoid this: 1) Fix signature 2) Check parameters 3) Review operator rules 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: interface I { static abstract bool operator ==(I left); }. Topic:,Operator overloading
CS9047,This error occurs with bad binary ReadOnlySpan concatenation. The compiler restricts span operations. To avoid this: 1) Use ToArray 2) Check spans 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider loop. Example: var s = span1 + span2;. Topic:,Span operations
CS9048,This error appears when scoped ref and ref struct only. The compiler restricts usage contexts. To avoid this: 1) Remove scoped 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider regular ref. Example: scoped ref int x = ref normalRef;. Topic:,Ref safety
CS9049,This error indicates fixed field must not be ref. The compiler prohibits ref fixed fields. To avoid this: 1) Remove ref 2) Check field 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider pointer. Example: ref fixed int x;. Topic:,Fixed buffers
CS9050,This error occurs when ref field cannot refer to ref struct. The compiler enforces lifetime safety. To avoid this: 1) Change field type 2) Check struct 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider value. Example: ref Span<int> x;. Topic:,Ref fields
CS9051,This error appears for file type disallowed in signature. The compiler restricts usage contexts. To avoid this: 1) Change type 2) Check member 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider interface. Example: file class C { } public void M(C c) {}. Topic:,File types
CS9052,This error indicates file type has no explicit accessibility. The compiler requires explicit modifiers. To avoid this: 1) Add file modifier 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow patterns. Example: class C { }. Topic:,Type modifiers
CS9053,This error occurs with file type base type issue. The compiler restricts inheritance. To avoid this: 1) Change base type 2) Check hierarchy 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider composition. Example: file class C : object { }. Topic:,Type inheritance
CS9054,This error appears for file type nested type issue. The compiler restricts nesting. To avoid this: 1) Move to namespace 2) Check nesting 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider top-level. Example: class C { file class D { } }. Topic:,Nested types
CS9055,This error occurs when global using static file type. The compiler prohibits this usage. To avoid this: 1) Remove global using 2) Check type 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider public type. Example: file static class C { } global using static C;. Topic:,Using directives
CS9056,This error indicates file type name disallowed. The compiler restricts naming contexts. To avoid this: 1) Rename type 2) Check name 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Follow conventions. Example: file class @file { }. Topic:,Type names
CS9057,This warning appears when analyzer references newer compiler. The compiler detects version mismatch. To avoid this: 1) Update analyzer 2) Check versions 3) Review dependencies 4) Verify compatibility 5) Consider suppression. Example: Analyzer built with Roslyn v4.0 used with v3.0. Topic:,Analyzers
CS9058,This error occurs when feature not available in C# 11. The compiler checks language version. To avoid this: 1) Update language version 2) Check feature 3) Review requirements 4) Verify compatibility 5) Consider alternative. Example: #error version. Topic:,Language features
CS9059,This error indicates ref field in non-ref struct. The compiler requires ref struct containers. To avoid this: 1) Make struct ref 2) Check field 3) Review design 4) Verify requirements 5) Consider regular field. Example: struct S { ref int x; }. Topic:,Ref fields
CS9060,This error occurs when trying to match on INumberBase which is not supported. Ensure you are using a supported interface for pattern matching. Use ISpanFormattable or other compatible interfaces instead. Check your pattern matching logic and update it to use supported interfaces. Topic:,Pattern Matching
CS9060, This error occurs when trying to match on INumberBase which is not supported, Ensure you are using a supported interface for pattern matching. Use ISpanFormattable or other compatible interfaces instead. Check your pattern matching logic and update it to use supported interfaces, Pattern Matching
CS9061, This error occurs when using a scoped discard variable incorrectly, Avoid using scoped discard variables in contexts where they are not allowed. Use regular discard variables _ instead. Ensure proper scoping rules are followed in your code, Variable Scoping
CS9062, This error occurs when a scoped type name is used where it is not allowed, Remove the scoped modifier from the type name. Use the type without scoped modifier in this context. Check the documentation for proper usage of scoped types, Type Modifiers
CS9063, This error occurs when UnscopedRef attribute is applied to an unsupported target, Remove the UnscopedRef attribute from the unsupported target. Apply it only to valid targets like local variables. Check the attribute usage documentation, Attributes
CS9064, This error occurs when trying to use ref fields with a runtime that doesn't support them, Upgrade to a runtime version that supports ref fields. Alternatively refactor your code to avoid using ref fields. Use regular fields instead if possible, Advanced Types
CS9065, This error occurs when explicitly using scoped ref incorrectly, Remove the explicit scoped ref modifier. Let the compiler determine the scoping automatically. Ensure your ref usage follows language rules, References
CS9066, This error occurs when both unscoped and scoped modifiers are used together, Remove one of the conflicting modifiers. Choose either unscoped or scoped based on your needs. Don't use both modifiers simultaneously, Modifiers
CS9067, This warning occurs when duplicate analyzer references are found, Remove duplicate analyzer references from your project. Keep only one reference to each analyzer. Check your project file for duplicate PackageReference entries, Analyzers
CS9068, This error occurs when a file type has a non-unique path, Ensure each file has a unique path in your project. Rename or reorganize files to avoid path conflicts. Check for duplicate file names in your solution, File Organization
CS9069, This error occurs when a file path cannot be converted to UTF-8 encoding, Use a file path with valid UTF-8 characters. Avoid special or non-UTF-8 characters in paths. Rename the file to use basic ASCII characters if necessary, Encoding
CS9071, This error occurs when a file-local duplicate name exists in a namespace, Rename one of the conflicting identifiers. Ensure all file-local names are unique within their namespace. Use more specific names if needed, Namespaces
CS9072, This error occurs when trying to deconstruct a by-ref variable, Avoid deconstructing by-ref variables. Use regular variables for deconstruction. Copy the value to a local variable first if needed, Deconstruction
CS9073, This warning occurs when there's a scoped mismatch in parameter of target, Ensure parameter scopes match between caller and target. Add or remove scoped modifiers to align the signatures. Check the method signatures carefully, Method Signatures
CS9074, This warning occurs when there's a scoped mismatch in override or implementation, Match the scoped modifiers in overrides to the base declaration. Ensure consistent scoping in interface implementations. Verify all override signatures, Inheritance
CS9075, This error occurs when returning a scoped parameter by ref, Avoid returning scoped parameters by ref. Use unscoped variables for ref returns. Consider returning by value instead, References
CS9076, This error occurs when returning a scoped parameter by ref in another context, Similar to CS9075 but in a different context. Follow the same solution as CS9075. Review your ref return patterns, References
CS9077, This error occurs when returning a parameter marked as return-only by ref, Remove the ref return of return-only parameters. Store the value in a local variable first. Return the local variable by ref instead, References
CS9078, This error occurs when returning a parameter marked as return-only by ref in another context, Similar to CS9077 but in a different context. Follow the same solution as CS9077. Review your ref return usage, References
CS9079, This error occurs when assigning to a return-only ref, Avoid assigning to return-only ref variables. Use regular variables for assignments. Consider restructuring your code to avoid this pattern, References
CS9080, This warning occurs when a variable might escape its scope, Review variable usage to ensure proper scoping. Add scoped modifier if appropriate. Restructure code to keep variables within safe scope, Variable Scoping
CS9081, This warning occurs when stackalloc might escape its scope, Avoid letting stackalloc results escape their scope. Use them only within the immediate context. Consider using array pool for longer-lived allocations, Memory Management
CS9082, This warning occurs when returning a non-returnable local by ref, Avoid returning local variables by ref. Use return-by-value instead. Consider using out parameters if needed, References
CS9083, This warning occurs when returning a non-returnable local by ref in another context, Similar to CS9082 but in a different context. Follow the same solution as CS9082. Review ref return usage, References
CS9084, This warning occurs when returning struct this by ref, Avoid returning struct this by ref. Consider making a copy instead. Restructure your code to avoid this pattern, Structs
CS9085, This warning occurs when assigning a narrower ref to a wider one, Ensure ref assignments have compatible scopes. Use variables with matching ref safety. Restructure code to maintain ref safety, References
CS9086, This warning occurs when ref escape mismatches in ternary operations, Ensure both branches of ternary have compatible ref escapes. Use consistent ref scoping. Consider using if-else instead for clarity, References
CS9087, This warning occurs when returning a parameter by ref, Review if returning parameter by ref is necessary. Consider returning by value instead. Ensure the parameter's lifetime matches the return, References
CS9088, This warning occurs when returning a scoped parameter by ref, Similar to CS9087 but with scoped parameters. Follow same solution as CS9087. Pay attention to scoping, References
CS9089, This warning occurs when returning a parameter by ref in another context, Similar to CS9087 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9087. Review ref returns, References
CS9090, This warning occurs when returning a scoped parameter by ref in another context, Similar to CS9088 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9088. Review scoped ref returns, References
CS9091, This warning occurs when returning a local by ref, Avoid returning locals by ref. Use return-by-value instead. Consider out parameters if needed, References
CS9092, This warning occurs when returning a local by ref in another context, Similar to CS9091 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9091. Review ref returns, References
CS9093, This warning occurs when assigning to a return-only ref, Similar to CS9079 but as warning. Follow same solution as CS9079. Review ref assignments, References
CS9094, This warning occurs when returning a return-only parameter by ref, Similar to CS9077 but as warning. Follow same solution as CS9077. Review ref returns, References
CS9095, This warning occurs when returning a return-only parameter by ref in another context, Similar to CS9094 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9094. Review ref returns, References
CS9096, This error occurs when assigning a value escape wider than ref escape, Ensure ref assignments maintain proper safety. Restructure code to match escape scopes. Consider copying values instead, References
CS9097, This warning occurs when assigning a value escape wider than ref escape, Similar to CS9096 but as warning. Follow same solution as CS9096. Review escape scopes, References
CS9098, This error occurs with implicitly typed default parameters, Specify explicit types for default parameters. Avoid using var or implicit typing here. Provide complete type information, Parameters
CS9099, This warning occurs when optional parameter values don't match, Ensure default values match between declarations. Align parameter defaults in all method versions. Check all overloads for consistency, Method Overloading
CS9100, This warning occurs when params array is used in lambda only, Avoid using params arrays exclusively in lambdas. Consider regular arrays if needed. Restructure code to use params at higher level, Lambdas
CS9101, This error occurs when UnscopedRef attribute is applied to unsupported member, Remove UnscopedRef from unsupported members. Apply only to valid targets like locals. Check attribute documentation, Attributes
CS9102, This error occurs when UnscopedRef attribute conflicts with interface implementation, Remove UnscopedRef from interface implementations. Match interface signatures exactly. Avoid attribute in interface contexts, Interfaces
CS9103, This error occurs when unrecognized ref safety rules attribute version is used, Update to a supported attribute version. Remove or update the outdated attribute. Check compiler documentation for supported versions, Attributes
CS9105, This error occurs with invalid primary constructor parameter reference, Ensure primary constructor parameters are used correctly. Don't reference them in invalid contexts. Review primary constructor usage, Constructors
CS9106, This error occurs when ambiguous primary constructor parameter is used as color receiver, Disambiguate the primary constructor parameter usage. Use explicit this qualification if needed. Restructure color usage, Constructors
CS9107, This warning occurs when captured primary constructor parameter is passed to base, Avoid capturing primary constructor parameters in base calls. Store in local variable first. Restructure initialization logic, Inheritance
CS9108, This error occurs when anonymous delegate uses ref-like type, Avoid using ref-like types in anonymous delegates. Use regular types instead. Restructure code to avoid this pattern, Delegates
CS9109, This error occurs when unsupported primary constructor parameter capturing ref, Avoid capturing ref parameters in primary constructors. Use regular parameters instead. Restructure your initialization, Constructors
CS9110, This error occurs when unsupported primary constructor parameter capturing ref-like type, Avoid capturing ref-like types in primary constructors. Use regular types instead. Restructure your code, Constructors
CS9111, This error occurs when anonymous delegate uses struct primary constructor parameter in member, Avoid using struct primary constructor parameters in anonymous delegates. Copy to local variable first. Restructure your code, Delegates
CS9112, This error occurs when anonymous delegate uses captured struct primary constructor parameter, Avoid capturing struct primary constructor parameters in delegates. Use local variables instead. Restructure your code, Delegates
CS9113, This warning occurs when primary constructor parameter is unread, Remove unused primary constructor parameters. Or use them in your class body. Review your constructor parameters, Constructors
CS9114, This error occurs when assigning to readonly primary constructor parameter, Avoid assigning to readonly primary constructor parameters. Make them mutable if needed. Or initialize them differently, Immutability
CS9115, This error occurs when returning readonly primary constructor parameter by ref, Avoid returning readonly parameters by ref. Return by value instead. Or remove readonly modifier if appropriate, References
CS9116, This error occurs when passing readonly primary constructor parameter by ref readonly, Avoid passing readonly parameters by ref readonly. Pass by value instead. Or remove readonly if appropriate, References
CS9117, This error occurs when assigning to readonly primary constructor parameter in another context, Similar to CS9114 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9114. Review assignments, Immutability
CS9118, This error occurs when returning readonly primary constructor parameter by ref in another context, Similar to CS9115 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9115. Review ref returns, References
CS9119, This error occurs when passing readonly primary constructor parameter by ref readonly in another context, Similar to CS9116 but in different context. Follow same solution as CS9116. Review parameter passing, References
CS9120, This error occurs when returning primary constructor parameter by ref, Avoid returning primary constructor parameters by ref. Return by value instead. Store in local variable first if needed, References
CS9121, This error occurs when struct layout cycle involves primary constructor parameter, Break the struct layout cycle. Restructure your types to avoid circular dependencies. Consider using classes instead, Struct Layout
CS9122, This error occurs with unexpected parameter list, Check your method or constructor parameter syntax. Ensure proper parentheses and commas. Verify parameter types are valid, Syntax
CS9123, This warning occurs when address-of operator is used in async method, Avoid using address-of in async methods. Use regular references instead. Restructure your async code, Async/Await
CS9124, This warning occurs when primary constructor parameter is captured in field initializer, Avoid capturing primary constructor parameters in field initializers. Use constructor body instead. Restructure initialization, Initialization
CS9125, This warning occurs when by-val array size constant is required, Provide a constant expression for array size. Avoid non-constant array dimensions. Use fixed-size buffers if needed, Arrays
CS9130, This error occurs with bad ref in using alias, Remove ref from using alias. Use regular type aliases instead. Restructure your using directives, Using Directives
CS9131, This error occurs with bad unsafe in using directive, Remove unsafe from using directive. Place unsafe in method body instead. Restructure your unsafe code, Unsafe Code
CS9132, This error occurs with bad nullable reference type in using alias, Remove nullable annotation from using alias. Use regular type aliases instead. Restructure your using directives, Nullable References
CS9133, This error occurs when static appears after unsafe in using directive, Fix the modifier order in using directive. Place static before unsafe. Follow correct syntax order, Syntax
CS9134, This error occurs with bad case in switch arm, Ensure switch arms have valid case patterns. Check your pattern matching syntax. Verify all cases are compatible with switch type, Switch Statements
CS9135, This error occurs when constant value of specific type is expected, Provide a constant of the expected type. Check the required constant type. Use correct literal syntax, Constants
CS9136, This error occurs when unsupported primary constructor parameter captures ref any, Avoid capturing ref any in primary constructors. Use specific types instead. Restructure your code, Constructors
CS9137, This error occurs when interceptors feature is not enabled, Enable interceptors feature in your project. Add required compiler flags. Or avoid using interceptors, Experimental Features
CS9138, This error occurs when interceptor containing type is generic, Make interceptor containing type non-generic. Remove type parameters. Or avoid using interceptors in generic types, Generics
CS9139, This error occurs when interceptor path is not in compilation, Add the interceptor path to your compilation. Include required source files. Or remove the interceptor usage, Compilation
CS9140, This error occurs when interceptor path is not in compilation with candidate, Similar to CS9139 but with candidate. Follow same solution as CS9139. Check file inclusion, Compilation
CS9141, This error occurs when interceptor position has bad token, Fix the interceptor position syntax. Use valid line and character numbers. Check your interceptor attributes, Syntax
CS9142, This error occurs when interceptor line is out of range, Use valid line numbers for interceptors. Stay within file bounds. Check your source file size, Syntax
CS9143, This error occurs when interceptor character is out of range, Use valid character positions for interceptors. Stay within line bounds. Check your source lines, Syntax
CS9144, This error occurs when interceptor signature mismatches, Match interceptor signature exactly to target. Ensure all parameters align. Verify return types match, Method Signatures
CS9146, This error occurs when interceptor method is not ordinary, Use ordinary methods for interceptors. Avoid special methods. Check method modifiers, Methods
CS9147, This error occurs when interceptor doesn't refer to token start, Point interceptor to start of token. Adjust line/character positions. Check your targeting, Syntax
CS9148, This error occurs when interceptor lacks matching this parameter, Add matching this parameter to interceptor. Mirror the target method exactly. Check parameter lists, Methods
CS9149, This error occurs when interceptor has unexpected this parameter, Remove this parameter from interceptor. Match target method signature. Check parameter lists, Methods
CS9150, This error occurs when interceptor file path is null, Provide valid file path for interceptor. Don't use null paths. Check your attribute values, Attributes
CS9151, This error occurs when interceptor name is not invoked, Ensure interceptor targets an invoked method. Check your method calls. Verify interceptor binding, Methods
CS9152, This error occurs when interceptor path is not unique, Make interceptor paths unique. Avoid duplicate targeting. Check your interceptor locations, Attributes
CS9153, This error occurs with duplicate interceptors, Remove duplicate interceptors. Keep only one per target. Check your interceptor definitions, Attributes
CS9154, This warning occurs when interceptor signature mismatches, Similar to CS9144 but as warning. Follow same solution as CS9144. Review signatures, Method Signatures
CS9155, This error occurs when interceptor is not accessible, Make interceptor at least as accessible as target. Adjust access modifiers. Check visibility rules, Access Modifiers
CS9156, This error occurs when interceptor scoped mismatch occurs, Match scoped parameters exactly in interceptor. Ensure all scopes align. Check parameter modifiers, Method Signatures
CS9157, This error occurs when interceptor line/character is not positive, Use positive numbers for interceptor positions. Avoid zero or negative values. Check your coordinates, Syntax
CS9158, This warning occurs when nullability mismatches in interceptor return type, Match nullability exactly in interceptor return. Add appropriate annotations. Check return types, Nullable References
CS9159, This warning occurs when nullability mismatches in interceptor parameter, Match nullability exactly in interceptor parameters. Add appropriate annotations. Check parameter types, Nullable References
CS9160, This error occurs when interceptor tries to intercept nameof, Avoid intercepting nameof operator. Interceptors work on methods only. Check your interceptor targets, Operators
CS9161, This error occurs when interceptor uses UnmanagedCallersOnly, Remove UnmanagedCallersOnly from interceptors. These attributes are incompatible. Check method attributes, Interop
CS9162, This error occurs with bad using static type, Use valid types in using static directives. Avoid non-static or inaccessible types. Check your using statements, Using Directives
CS9163, This error occurs when symbol is defined in assembly, Reference the assembly containing the symbol. Add proper project reference. Or use local definition, References
CS9164, This error occurs when inline array conversion to Span is not supported, Avoid converting inline arrays to Span. Use AsSpan() method instead. Check your conversion approach, Arrays
CS9165, This error occurs when inline array conversion to ReadOnlySpan is not supported, Avoid converting inline arrays to ReadOnlySpan. Use AsReadOnlySpan() instead. Check conversions, Arrays
CS9166, This error occurs when inline array index is out of range, Stay within inline array bounds. Check your index values. Validate array access, Arrays
CS9167, This error occurs with invalid inline array length, Use valid lengths for inline arrays. Follow size constraints. Check your array declarations, Arrays
CS9168, This error occurs with invalid inline array layout, Follow proper layout rules for inline arrays. Avoid custom layouts. Check your struct definitions, Struct Layout
CS9169, This error occurs with invalid inline array fields, Use valid field types in inline arrays. Avoid unsupported types. Check your field declarations, Fields
CS9170, This error occurs when expression tree contains inline array operation, Avoid inline arrays in expression trees. Use regular arrays instead. Restructure your expressions, Expression Trees
CS9171, This error occurs when runtime doesn't support inline array types, Upgrade to runtime supporting inline arrays. Or avoid using inline arrays. Check runtime version, Advanced Types
CS9172, This error occurs with bad inline array index, Use valid indices for inline arrays. Stay within bounds. Check your array access, Arrays
CS9173, This error occurs with named argument for inline array, Avoid named arguments for inline arrays. Use positional arguments instead. Check your array initialization, Arrays
CS9174, This error occurs when collection expression target type is not constructible, Use constructible types with collection expressions. Provide accessible constructor. Check type constraints, Collections
CS9175, This error occurs when expression tree contains collection expression, Avoid collection expressions in expression trees. Use traditional collection initialization. Restructure your code, Expression Trees
CS9176, This error occurs when collection expression has no target type, Provide explicit type for collection expression. Avoid using var here. Specify the collection type, Type Inference
CS9177, This error occurs when interceptor arity is incompatible, Match generic arity exactly in interceptors. Ensure same number of type parameters. Check generic methods, Generics
CS9178, This error occurs when interceptor is generic, Make interceptor non-generic. Remove type parameters. Avoid generic interceptors, Generics
CS9179, This warning occurs when primary constructor parameter is shadowed and not passed to base, Pass shadowed parameters to base constructor. Or rename parameters to avoid shadowing. Review inheritance chain, Inheritance
CS9180, This error occurs when inline array has unsupported element field modifier, Remove unsupported modifiers from inline array elements. Use simple fields only. Check field declarations, Fields
CS9181, This warning occurs when inline array indexer is not used, Remove unused indexer from inline array. Or implement proper indexer usage. Check your array access, Arrays
CS9182, This warning occurs when inline array slice is not used, Remove unused slice capability. Or implement proper slicing. Check your array usage, Arrays
CS9183, This warning occurs when inline array conversion operator is not used, Remove unused conversion operator. Or implement proper conversions. Check your type conversions, Operators
CS9184, This warning occurs when inline array is not supported by language, Upgrade to newer language version. Or avoid using inline arrays. Check language version, Language Features
CS9185, This error occurs when CollectionBuilder attribute has invalid type, Use valid builder type in CollectionBuilder. Implement required interface. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9186, This error occurs when CollectionBuilder attribute has invalid method name, Use correct builder method name in CollectionBuilder. Match exact signature. Check attribute values, Attributes
CS9187, This error occurs when CollectionBuilder method is not found, Implement required builder method. Match exact signature. Check method existence, Methods
CS9188, This error occurs when CollectionBuilder has no element type, Specify element type for CollectionBuilder. Add type parameter. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9189, This error occurs when inline array foreach is not supported, Avoid foreach on inline arrays. Use for loop instead. Check your iteration approach, Loops
CS9190, This error occurs when ref readonly has wrong ordering, Fix the modifier order for ref readonly. Place readonly after ref. Follow correct syntax, References
CS9191, This warning occurs with bad ref argument, Ensure ref arguments match parameter requirements. Add or remove ref as needed. Check method signatures, References
CS9192, This warning occurs when argument expects ref or in, Add ref or in modifier to argument. Match parameter requirements. Check method signatures, References
CS9193, This warning occurs when ref readonly is not applied to variable, Apply ref readonly to variables only. Avoid other usages. Check your modifier placement, References
CS9194, This error occurs with bad extra ref argument for language version, Upgrade language version to support this ref usage. Or restructure without extra ref. Check language version, Language Features
CS9195, This warning occurs when argument expects in modifier, Add in modifier to argument. Match parameter requirements. Check method signatures, References
CS9196, This warning occurs when overriding has different refness, Match ref modifiers exactly in overrides. Ensure consistency with base method. Check method signatures, Inheritance
CS9197, This warning occurs when hiding has different refness, Match ref modifiers in hiding members. Ensure consistency with hidden member. Check method signatures, Inheritance
CS9198, This warning occurs when target has different refness, Match ref modifiers in target methods. Ensure consistency with source. Check delegate signatures, Delegates
CS9199, This error occurs when Out attribute is on ref readonly parameter, Remove Out attribute from ref readonly parameters. These are incompatible. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9200, This warning occurs when ref readonly parameter has default value, Avoid default values for ref readonly parameters. Make parameter required. Check parameter initialization, Parameters
CS9201, This warning occurs with use-def violation for ref field, Ensure ref fields are properly initialized. Avoid use before definition. Check field initialization, Fields
CS9202, This error occurs when feature is not available in C# 12, Upgrade to C# 12 or later. Or avoid using this feature. Check language version, Language Features
CS9203, This error occurs when collection expression causes escape, Ensure collection expressions don't cause illegal escapes. Restructure your code. Check variable lifetimes, Collections
CS9204, This warning occurs for experimental features, Acknowledge this is an experimental feature. Expect potential changes. Check feature stability, Experimental Features
CS9205, This error occurs when interpolated string is expected, Provide interpolated string where required. Use $ prefix. Check string formatting, Strings
CS9206, This error occurs when interceptor is in global namespace, Move interceptor out of global namespace. Use proper namespace. Check your organization, Namespaces
CS9207, This error occurs when interceptable method is not ordinary, Only ordinary methods can be intercepted. Avoid special methods. Check method modifiers, Methods
CS9208, This warning occurs when collection expression with ref struct may allocate, Avoid collection expressions with ref struct if allocation is concern. Use traditional initialization. Check your types, Collections
CS9209, This warning occurs when collection expression spread with ref struct may allocate, Avoid spreading ref struct in collection expressions if allocation is concern. Restructure your code. Check your types, Collections
CS9210, This error occurs with ImmutableArray in collection expression, Use proper initialization for ImmutableArray. Avoid collection expression syntax. Check your initialization, Collections
CS9211, This error occurs with invalid experimental diagnostic ID, Use valid diagnostic IDs for experimental features. Check documentation. Verify your IDs, Diagnostics
CS9212, This error occurs when spread is missing member, Ensure spread operation has required members. Implement missing members. Check your types, Collections
CS9213, This error occurs when collection expression target has no element type, Specify element type for collection target. Add type parameter. Check your generic types, Generics
CS9214, This error occurs when collection expression is missing constructor, Provide accessible constructor for collection type. Or use different type. Check type constraints, Constructors
CS9215, This error occurs when collection expression is missing Add method, Implement Add method for collection type. Or use different type. Check your collection, Collections
CS9216, This warning occurs when converting lock, Review lock conversion implications. Ensure thread safety. Check your synchronization, Threading
CS9217, This error occurs when ref local crosses await boundary, Avoid ref locals that span await points. Restructure async code. Check variable lifetimes, Async/Await
CS9218, This error occurs with dynamic dispatch to params collection, Avoid dynamic with params collections. Use static typing. Check your method calls, Dynamic
CS9222, This error occurs with infinite chain of Add calls in collection initializer, Break circular Add calls in collection initializer. Restructure initialization. Check your collection, Collections
CS9223, This error occurs with infinite chain of constructor calls in params collection, Break circular constructor calls in params collection. Restructure your types. Check initialization, Constructors
CS9224, This error occurs when params member is less visible than declaring member, Make params member at least as visible as declaring member. Adjust access modifiers. Check visibility, Access Modifiers
CS9225, This error occurs when params collection constructor doesn't initialize required member, Ensure params collection constructor initializes all required members. Add missing initialization. Check your constructors, Constructors
CS9226, This error occurs with params collection in expression tree, Avoid params collections in expression trees. Use traditional collections. Restructure your expressions, Expression Trees
CS9227, This error occurs with params collection extension Add method, Avoid extension Add methods for params collections. Use instance methods. Check your methods, Extension Methods
CS9228, This error occurs when params collection is missing constructor, Provide required constructor for params collection. Or use different approach. Check your types, Constructors
CS9229, This error occurs with modifiers on using directive, Remove modifiers from using directive. Keep it simple. Check your syntax, Using Directives
CS9230, This error occurs when trying to dynamic invoke on expression, Avoid dynamic invocation on expressions. Use Compile() first. Check your expression usage, Expression Trees
CS9231, This error occurs with invalid intercepts location data format, Use correct format for intercepts location data. Follow documentation. Check your attributes, Attributes
CS9232, This error occurs with unsupported intercepts location version, Use supported version for intercepts location. Update your code. Check documentation, Versioning
CS9233, This error occurs with duplicate intercepts location file, Remove duplicate intercepts location files. Keep only one. Check your file references, Files
CS9234, This error occurs when intercepts location file is not found, Ensure intercepts location file exists. Check file paths. Verify your references, Files
CS9235, This error occurs with invalid intercepts location position, Use valid positions for intercepts location. Stay within bounds. Check your coordinates, Syntax
CS9236, This info occurs when too many bound lambdas exist, Reduce number of bound lambdas. Restructure your code. Consider alternative approaches, Lambdas
CS9238, This error occurs with bad yield in unsafe context, Avoid yield in unsafe contexts. Restructure your code. Check your iterators, Iterators
CS9239, This error occurs with address-of in iterator, Avoid address-of in iterators. Restructure your code. Check your pointer usage, Pointers
CS9240, This error occurs when runtime doesn't support byref-like generics, Upgrade runtime to support byref-like generics. Or avoid this feature. Check runtime version, Advanced Types
CS9241, This error occurs when ref struct constraint is duplicate, Remove duplicate ref struct constraints. Keep only one. Check your constraints, Constraints
CS9242, This error occurs when allows clause is not last, Move allows clause to end of constraints. Follow correct order. Check your syntax, Constraints
CS9243, This error occurs when class is combined with ref struct, Remove either class or ref struct constraint. They are incompatible. Check your constraints, Constraints
CS9244, This error occurs when not ref struct constraint is not satisfied, Ensure type satisfies not ref struct constraint. Or remove constraint. Check your types, Constraints
CS9245, This error occurs when ref struct doesn't support default interface implementation, Avoid default interface implementations for ref struct. Use regular methods. Check your interfaces, Interfaces
CS9246, This error occurs with bad non-virtual interface member access on allows ref-like, Avoid non-virtual access on allows ref-like interfaces. Use virtual members. Check your interface design, Interfaces
CS9247, This error occurs with bad allow byref-like enumerator, Implement proper enumerator pattern for allow byref-like. Follow guidelines. Check your enumerators, Iterators
CS9248, This error occurs when partial property is missing implementation, Provide implementation for partial property. Or remove partial. Check your property definitions, Properties
CS9249, This error occurs when partial property is missing definition, Provide definition for partial property. Or remove partial. Check your property declarations, Properties
CS9250, This error occurs with duplicate partial property definition, Remove duplicate partial property definitions. Keep only one. Check your property declarations, Properties
CS9251, This error occurs with duplicate partial property implementation, Remove duplicate partial property implementations. Keep only one. Check your property bodies, Properties
CS9252, This error occurs when partial property is missing accessor, Provide all required accessors for partial property. Or remove partial. Check your property completeness, Properties
CS9253, This error occurs with unexpected partial property accessor, Remove unexpected accessor from partial property. Or add matching declaration. Check your property symmetry, Properties
CS9254, This error occurs with partial property init mismatch, Align init capabilities in partial property. Make consistent. Check your property modifiers, Properties
CS9255, This error occurs with partial member type difference, Align types in partial member declarations. Make consistent. Check your type signatures, Partial Types
CS9256, This warning occurs with partial member signature difference, Align signatures in partial members. Make consistent. Check your method signatures, Partial Types
CS9257, This error occurs with partial property required difference, Align required modifiers in partial property. Make consistent. Check your property declarations, Properties
CS9258, This warning occurs when field is ambiguous, Disambiguate the field reference. Use explicit qualification. Check your field names, Fields
CS9259, This error occurs when InlineArray attribute is on record, Remove InlineArray from record. Use with struct only. Check your type choices, Records
CS9260, This error occurs when feature is not available in C# 13, Upgrade to C# 13 or later. Or avoid this feature. Check language version, Language Features
CS9261, This error occurs when overload resolution priority can't apply to override, Remove overload resolution priority from override. Use on base only. Check your method modifiers, Method Overloading
CS9262, This error occurs when overload resolution priority can't apply to member, Use overload resolution priority only on specific members. Check applicability. Check your method usage, Method Overloading
CS9263, This error occurs with duplicate partial property initializer, Remove duplicate initializers from partial property. Keep only one. Check your property initialization, Properties
CS9264, This warning occurs with uninitialized non-nullable backing field, Initialize non-nullable backing field. Provide default value. Check your field initialization, Fields
CS9265, This warning occurs with unassigned internal ref field, Initialize internal ref field. Ensure proper assignment. Check your field usage, Fields
CS9266, This warning occurs when accessor doesn't use backing field, Remove unused backing field. Or implement proper usage. Check your property implementation, Properties
CS9267, This error occurs when iterator has ref-like element type, Avoid ref-like element types in iterators. Use regular types. Check your yield return, Iterators
CS9268, This warning occurs with experimental feature message, Read the experimental feature message. Understand implications. Check feature documentation, Experimental Features
CS9269, This warning occurs with old UnscopedRef attribute rules, Update to new UnscopedRef attribute rules. Follow current guidelines. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9270, This warning occurs with unsupported InterceptsLocation attribute signature, Use supported signature for InterceptsLocation. Follow documentation. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9271, This error occurs when Embedded attribute doesn't follow pattern, Implement Embedded attribute correctly. Follow required pattern. Check attribute usage, Attributes
CS9272, This error occurs with implicitly typed params parameter, Specify explicit type for params parameter. Avoid var. Check your parameter types, Parameters
CS9273, This error occurs when variable declaration uses named field syntax incorrectly, Fix variable declaration syntax. Avoid named field style here. Check your declarations, Syntax
CS9274, This error occurs with data section string literal hash collision, Change string literals to avoid hash collision. Make unique. Check your string values, Strings
CS9275, This error occurs when partial member is missing implementation, Provide implementation for partial member. Or remove partial. Check your member definitions, Partial Types
CS9276, This error occurs when partial member is missing definition, Provide definition for partial member. Or remove partial. Check your member declarations, Partial Types
CS9277, This error occurs with duplicate partial member definition, Remove duplicate partial member definitions. Keep only one. Check your declarations, Partial Types
CS9278, This error occurs with duplicate partial member implementation, Remove duplicate partial member implementations. Keep only one. Check your definitions, Partial Types
CS9279, This error occurs with partial event initializer, Remove initializer from partial event. Or make non-partial. Check your event declarations, Events
CS9280, This error occurs with partial constructor initializer, Remove initializer from partial constructor. Or make non-partial. Check your constructors, Constructors
CS9281, This error occurs when extension disallows name, Use allowed names in extension. Avoid reserved names. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9282, This error occurs when extension disallows member, Remove disallowed member from extension. Follow guidelines. Check your member choices, Extension Methods
CS9283, This error occurs with bad extension containing type, Use valid containing type for extension. Avoid unsupported types. Check your type choices, Extension Methods
CS9284, This error occurs when extension parameter has disallowed default value, Remove default value from extension parameter. Make it required. Check your parameters, Parameters
CS9285, This error occurs when extension has multiple receiver parameters, Use only one receiver parameter in extension. Remove extras. Check your parameter lists, Extension Methods
CS9286, This error occurs when extension resolution fails, Ensure extension method is properly defined. Check accessibility. Verify your extension, Extension Methods
CS9287, This error occurs when receiver parameter name matches type parameter, Rename receiver parameter to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9288, This error occurs when local name matches extension type parameter, Rename local to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9289, This error occurs when type parameter name matches extension type parameter, Rename type parameter to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9290, This error occurs when local name matches extension parameter, Rename local to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9291, This error occurs when value parameter name matches extension parameter, Rename value parameter to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name. Check your naming, Naming Conventions
CS9292, This error occurs when type parameter name matches extension parameter, Rename type parameter to avoid conflict. Choose distinct name
CS9292, This error occurs when a type parameter name conflicts with an extension parameter name. The compiler cannot distinguish between the type parameter and extension parameter due to identical naming. Rename either the type parameter or extension parameter to resolve the ambiguity. Avoid using the same names for different constructs in extension methods. Use distinct and meaningful names for all parameters. Review your extension method signatures carefully, Generics
CS9293, This error occurs when an invalid reference is made to an extension parameter. The parameter reference does not exist in the current context or is incorrectly accessed. Ensure you are referencing valid extension parameters. Check the parameter names in your extension method. Verify the parameter scope and accessibility. Review the extension method implementation, Extension Methods
CS9294, This error occurs when a value parameter name conflicts with an extension type parameter name. The naming collision creates ambiguity in the extension method. Rename either the value parameter or type parameter. Use distinct names for all parameters in extension methods. Avoid reusing names across different parameter types. Check your naming conventions, Naming Conventions
CS9295, This error occurs when an extension method is underspecified. The extension method lacks sufficient type information or constraints. Provide complete type specifications for extension methods. Add necessary generic constraints if applicable. Ensure all type parameters are properly defined. Review the extension method signature, Extension Methods
CS9296, This error occurs when an expression tree contains extension property access. Expression trees cannot contain access to extension properties. Convert the extension property access to a method call instead. Use regular properties in expression trees. Restructure your expression to avoid extension properties. Consider using extension methods instead, Expression Trees
CS9297, This error occurs when a preprocessing directive appears immediately after a token. The compiler expects whitespace or newline after tokens before directives. Add proper spacing before preprocessing directives. Place directives on separate lines when possible. Follow correct syntax for preprocessor usage. Review your source file organization, Preprocessor Directives
CS9298, This error occurs when preprocessing needs file-based program but isn't in one. The compiler requires a physical source file for certain directives. Move the code to a proper source file. Avoid using these directives in unsupported contexts. Ensure your project has proper file structure. Check the preprocessor requirements, Preprocessor Directives
CS9299, This error occurs when a preprocessing directive incorrectly follows an #if directive. The preprocessor syntax is violated in the conditional compilation block. Structure conditional compilation blocks properly. Place each directive on its own line. Ensure correct nesting of #if/#endif blocks. Review preprocessor syntax rules, Preprocessor Directives
CS9300, This error occurs when a ref extension parameter is not a value type or properly constrained. Ref extension parameters must meet specific type requirements. Constrain the type parameter to be a value type. Or use a concrete value type instead. Ensure ref parameters comply with safety rules. Review extension method signatures, Extension Methods
CS9301, This error occurs when an in extension parameter is not a value type. The in modifier requires value types for extension parameters. Change the parameter type to a value type. Or remove the in modifier if reference type is needed. Ensure parameter types match modifier requirements. Review value type semantics, Value Types
CS9302, This error occurs when a protected member is used in an extension. Extension methods cannot access protected members of the extended type. Change the member accessibility to public. Or move the functionality into the class itself. Avoid using protected members in extensions. Consider inheritance instead, Access Modifiers
CS9303, This error occurs when an instance member is used with an unnamed extensions parameter. The this parameter must be named for instance member access. Name the extensions parameter explicitly. Or make the method static if appropriate. Ensure proper parameter naming conventions. Review extension method syntax, Extension Methods
CS9304, This error occurs when init accessor is used in an extension. Extension methods cannot contain init-only accessors. Remove the init accessor from the extension. Implement the functionality in the class itself. Use regular methods instead of init accessors. Review init accessor usage, Properties
CS9305, This error occurs when a modifier is applied to an unnamed receiver parameter. The this parameter in extensions cannot have modifiers when unnamed. Name the receiver parameter to apply modifiers. Or remove the modifiers if unnamed. Ensure proper extension method syntax. Review parameter modifier rules, Extension Methods
CS9306, This error occurs when a disallowed type name is used for extensions. Certain type names cannot be used as extension containers. Choose a different name for the static class. Avoid reserved or special type names. Use meaningful and allowed names. Review extension class naming rules, Naming Conventions